jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11 / 29 .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is the language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of flemish region is the flemish government .
greek is the language of greece .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the port authority of new york and new jersey ' s headquarters are at four world trade center .
san sebastián de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
nasa is the operator of apollo 14 .
nasa is the operator of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see was a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve is the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the construction of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b . v . doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
the postcode area of birmingham is b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states .
the area code of abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene , texas is part of texas .
the title of the leader of albany , georgia is mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code of anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan is city administrator .
the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan is mayor .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is elevated 13 . 0 above sea level .
the title of the leader of antioch , california is the 11th state assembly district .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman was broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award for comic books .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in comics .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado belongs to the genus persea .
ayam penyet is served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes are a variation of chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy comes from the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
the people of italy are called italians .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon belongs to the rosids order .
mexicans live in mexico .
spanish is the language spoken in mexico .
arabic is the language spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in izmir .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
peter stöger is the manager of 1 . fc köln .
1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
afc blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
a . s . roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015 .
the ground of akron summit assault is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago played for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium in athens is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are champions of the premier development league .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
a long long way has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac .
the oclc number of addiction journal is 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
the lccn number of administrative science quarterly is 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university ' s nickname is cornell big red .
hiv belongs to the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys ' notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is the leader of the united states .
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 3500 metres and is located in san sebastián de los reyes .
agra airport is located in india , where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is 618 feet above sea level .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and is involved in the battles of operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the 4th runway at andrews county airport is made of asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where austin is the capital .
angola international airport serves luanda and is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves appleton , wisconsin which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the poales order .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on 1974 - 08 - 01 .
buzz aldrin is a united states national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square in cleveland has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street is located in london , where the leader is the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
live nation entertainment owns the 3arena at east link bridge .
live nation entertainment , located in beverly hills , california , owns 3arena .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
the building of alan b . miller hall began on 30 march 2007 and is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is the tenant of alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , where the leader is anandiben patel .
the comic character astérix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
aurakles , also known as aurakles , was created by len wein .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman stars bill oddie who was born in lancashire .
bibbo bibbowski was created by american jerry ordway .
sheldon moldoff is the creator of black pirate , also known as jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is a dish from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of lazio .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department in colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem which comes from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre which is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient of the bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader .
bacon explosion is a main course dish that contains bacon .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from france , united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is a cookie .
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . it was created in rutland arms , bakewell , in 1820 .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart , which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is a member of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy which is a dish from the philippines .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the chinese filipino .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes which are of the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert .
honey is a variation of bionico which is a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are both desserts .
batagor is an ingredient in siomay , which is a variation of siomay .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack is made of rock and is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , where carpi f . c . 1909 have been champions .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
afc blackpool ' s manager is stuart parker who played football for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in the serie a league .
acf fiorentina play in the serie a league in italy .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax and plays for ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 - 15 topklasse season and has 5000 members .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena which is located in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s full name is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . the club has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in e - book form .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids ( journal ) is published .
a fortress of grey ice , isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , was written by j . v . jones .
the isbn number of a glastonbury romance is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 and it is available in print .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil , which was preceded by aenir , was written by australians .
above the veil was written in english and was followed by aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
the publisher of acta mathematica hungarica is springer science + business media , founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has the coden code ascqag .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
hiv belongs to the family of orthoretrovirinae and is part of the academic discipline of the aids journal .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 1219 . 0 and serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and it is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and has been involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the united states air force was involved in battles in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the airport serves the city of alderney .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 metres .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is owned by the flemish region . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states , which is part of clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa , where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is the alternative name for buzz aldrin who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where smilodon is a fossil .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa where the capital is cape town and 11 diagonal street is located .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , where rahm emanuel is the leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and was completed in december 2008 .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark was 3xn . the tenant of the hotel is marriott international .
j . p . mcmanus is the owner of adare manor which was designed by james pain and completed in 1862 .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka . the building ' s architectural style is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres . it was inaugurated on 28 september 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia . the building began on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which is the owner of alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the building began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital in ampara district , sri lanka has 476 beds .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house , built in 1911 , is located on u . s . route 83 and was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds in pacific grove , california was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at asser levy place and east 23rd street and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is t s thakur .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bananaman first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 and starred bill oddie .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle and first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
dan mishkin and ernie colon created the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco and is from spain .
ajoblanco is a dish from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla and joko widodo are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and contains chili pepper .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre which comes from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is a dish from malaysia and java .
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states and includes sausage as one of its ingredients .
the bacon explosion originates from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and originated in the uk .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which originates from france and is found in new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dish from new york , in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . sandesh is a confectionery dessert .
kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
apple is a variation of barny cakes which contain 18 . 0 g of carbs and 1 . 8 g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the currency is the singapore dollar .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which is a dish from india .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india , where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which originates from the karnataka region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and belongs to the genus apium and the bakso family .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert . cake is a dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java , where the baduy are an ethnic group .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi and the language is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro / a in 2014 and has 4150 members .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " isidro metapan " and they have 10000 members . their ground is the estadio jorge calero suarez .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece , where the leader is nikos voutsis and the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who played football for drogheda united fc and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who played football for drogheda united fc and stockport county fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
a . f . c . fylde ' s full name is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the full name of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) have 5000 members and played in the hoofdklasse league in the 2014 season .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena and they play in the azerbaijan premier league , where the champions are qarabag fk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and they have 17023 members . they played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil , where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
akron summit assault , which has 3000 members , play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) which is located in athens . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has the motto " nurturing excellence " .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges is a river in india . the awh engineering college is located in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce et al and is available as an e book . it has 512 pages .
the issn number of acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is 1046 - 8188 and is part of the academic discipline of computer science .
the issn number of acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is 1558 - 2868 and is part of the academic discipline of computer science .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and is published by the american institute of physics .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp was published in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil , written by australians , was preceded by aenir and castle .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) is in the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number of 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
the addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 and is part of the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and is part of the academic discipline of mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications , which publishes administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk , where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 metres .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states bombed libya in 1986 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force is involved in the battles of operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force is involved in the battles of operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan , where the leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan and a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and english is the language spoken . texas ' s demonym is tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and english is the language spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is the language spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region which is governed by the flemish government .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves appleton , wisconsin . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , which is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and belongs to the order of poales .
the ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . the 3rd runway at the airport is made of poaceae and is named 03r / 21l .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire in madrid .
atlantic city international airport , which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 , is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants in the order of commelinids .
alan bean , a us national , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 operated by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was a backup pilot and david scott was a commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born on the 23rd july 1927 in dallas and died on the 28th february 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 where buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was the commander . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cyril ramaphosa is the leader and cape town is the capital . asian south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where asian south africans are an ethnic group and cape town is the capital .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has a floor count of 12 and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the style of the building is postmodern .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and started construction in 1927 . the building style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language is tamil .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and started construction in 1927 . the building style is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the filipinos .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the architect of the alan b . miller hall was robert a . m . stern .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders of india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india , where t s thakur is the leader .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the los angeles herald examiner buildings .
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who is a labour politician from birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by john clancy .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on 3 october 1983 . bananaman was broadcast by stv .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is a dish from andalusia , spain .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , comes from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a variation of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is popular nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital city is washington d . c .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich , which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich , which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish can be found in france , new york or hong kong .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it comes from the united states and can be found in paris , new york or hong kong .
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and originates from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor , a variation of siomay , is a dish from indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and is popular in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
bhajji originates from india , where the currency is the rupee and the leader is narendra modi . t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders of india .
bhajji originates from india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the people are called indians . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders of india .
bhajji originate from the karnataka region of india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
bhajji originate from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t s thakur and the leader is vajubhai vala .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato , a member of the solanales order . cookie is also a dessert .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bakso is a dish from china and originates from indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and celery is an ingredient .
rome is the capital of italy where sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where halimah yacob is the leader . it is also found in java , where the baduy are an ethnic group .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group . it comes from singapore , where tony tan is the leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and the moro people are an ethnic group .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi and the currency is the euro . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county is to the west of adams county and carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the full name of a . c . chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . and they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season . they have 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
a . c . chievo verona are managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and the language is greek .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " and they played in the 2014 season . they have 5300 members and their ground is located in italy .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl and they have 5300 members . they played in the 2014 season at the stadio pietro barbetti .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their ground is stadio armando picchi and they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
a . s . roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season and have 70634 members .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
azal pfk has 3500 members and their ground is the azal arena . they play in the azerbaijan premier league , where the champions are qarabag fk .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eenhoorn . he plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the nickname of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is asa gigante and the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league since 2015 .
akron summit assault ( full name : akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and is managed by denzil antonio . they played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the official language is italian . the capital city is rome .
a . s . roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico . they play in serie a , where juventus fc have been champions .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has 100 academic staff and the dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . the dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff .
david weber is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war . the book was followed by ring of fire ii which was written in english .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an e book . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was published in print and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way , published by viking press in ireland , was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . it is classified as ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) is part of the academic discipline of addiction . the issn number is 1360 - 0443 and the lccn number is 93645978 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published bi - monthly and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 . the discipline is mathematics .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the us .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk , where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders .
a fortress of grey ice originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a fortress of grey ice originates from the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language of the country is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier is kabi and the runway name is 17l / 35r .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier is kabi and the runway name is 17r / 35l .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14l / 32r with a length of 4349 . 0 .
agra airport ' s icao location identifier is viag and is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station and its leader is ram naik .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of panama .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force was involved in the korean war .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . pakistan ' s leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews , texas . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 11 / 29 with a length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where spanish is the language spoken and the largest city is houston . austin is the capital of texas , where the inhabitants are called texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves luanda .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves appleton , wisconsin . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin and is part of clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation of ardmore airport , new zealand . the airport is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and is 1411 long .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is operated by turkmenistan airlines and is 211 metres above sea level . the runway name is 12r / 30l and the runway length is 2989 . 0 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier is kacy and the runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region which is located in belgium . charles michel is the leader of the flemish government .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and saranac lake , harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was selected by nasa in 1959 to be a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he has passed away .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 operated by nasa . he spent 100305 minutes in space and was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st . louis . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the currency is the pound sterling and the capital city is london . boris johnson and elizabeth ii are leaders of the uk .
the building of 250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york began in january 2014 and cost 110 million dollars . the building has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states , where 300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dail eireann .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and started construction in 1927 . it is located at st . benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . the building style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups there is the japanese people .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader is narendra modi .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown , san francisco .
the asilomar conference grounds in pacific grove , california was constructed in 1913 and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . the grounds are in the architectural style of the arts and crafts movement .
the asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is lead by gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode area . the governing body of birmingham is the birmingham city council , whose leader is andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country ' s leader is hailemariam desalegn and the leader is mulatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is john roberts and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is joe biden and the language is english . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
bananaman was created by john geering and first aired on the bbc on 3 october 1983 . it starred tim brooke - taylor and was last aired on 15 april 1986 .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . big hero 6 stars scott adsit .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco and comes from the andalusia region of spain .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which originates from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish from indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the capital city is rome . the people of italy are called italians and the language is italian .
ximo puig is the leader of the valencian community in spain , where the spaniards live . arros negre is a traditional dish from spain , where felipe vi is the leader .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia , where malaysian chinese and malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the malaysian indians are an ethnic group in malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and can be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from indonesia and malaysia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the bacon explosion originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital city is washington d . c .
baked alaska is a dish from france , where the french language is spoken . it comes from hong kong , where carrie lam is a politician and gerard larcher is a leader .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding . it comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire , where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in the tart .
lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and belongs to the genus citrus . it is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region of colombia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia and contains lemon . lemon belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , are from france , where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes originates from france , where the leader is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders of singapore where english is the language spoken .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originate from the region of karnataka , india , where the leader is vajubhai vala and the people are called indians . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero . cake is also a dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico , where enrique pena nieto is the leader . cake is also a dessert .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is in the county of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital city is jakarta . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders of italy , where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob and the english language is spoken . it is also found in java , where the baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the official language is philippine english and arabic is spoken . the igorot people are an ethnic group from the philippines .
beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders of singapore where english is the language spoken .
ajoblanco is a dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi of spain and the currency is the euro . spaniards live in spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county has franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . carrol county , maryland is to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is named turk sehitleri aniti and is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is called the prime minister . it is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club ' s manager is stuart parker who played football for chesterfield f . c . and kv mechelen .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . the club is in the superleague greece , where olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the ground is located at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense have 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league . the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west . the institute was founded by kempe gowda i .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its capital city is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was published in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group . it was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber in europe .
a long long way was published by faber and faber in ireland . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture . white people are an ethnic group in ireland .
the novel into battle , which was followed by the violet keystone , was preceded by above the veil , which was written by australians . aenir was preceded by castle .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . english is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where joe biden is a leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and english is the language spoken . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders of the country .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the country is led by david cameron and elizabeth ii .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in great britain .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 operated by david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st july 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is the alternative name for buzz aldrin who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 to be a fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 .
elliot see was an american born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed in bronze by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , named turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . it is located at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland and is owned by the national park service . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland and was established on 11 july 1907 . it is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is owned by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka , which has the arabian sea to its west , was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . tennis is a sport governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on november 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is the alternative name for buzz aldrin who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 to be a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is called the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
