jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas county seat is andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
andrews county airport runway name is helipad .
luanda is served by angola international airport .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is a leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
the apollo 14 mission was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see performed as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art was 28th september 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa was designed by the architect b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area " b " .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital city of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader in albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque in new mexico is led by the albuquerque city council .
amarillo texas is located in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
city administrator is the leader title in ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 metres above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rené goscinny .
the comic character , auron , was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema has won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award ( comics ) .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
persea is the genus of the avocado .
ayam penyet should be served " hot " .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be chocolate flavoured .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
2014 saw 1 . fc magdeburg participating .
ac lumezzane played the 2014 - 15 season in the lega pro .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
afc blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
as livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica is the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
gus poyet plays for aek athens fc .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc have been premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury fc .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 people .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the journal addiction has the oclc number 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
the administrative science quarterly has a lccn number of 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work by john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport which has a runway length of 3500 is located in alcobendas .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport which is located in san sebastián de los reyes , has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india where t s thakur is a leader .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in alcobendas , madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority , who govern allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol , operated by schiphol group , is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae , which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , which leader is barack obama .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at north wall , dublin .
the owner of 3arena , located at east link bridge , is live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in tamil speaking sri lanka .
the building of alan b miller hall , which is located at 101 ukrop way , began on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles ( alternatively called aurakles ) was created by len wein .
the comic character , ballistic , has the alternative name , kelvin mao , and was created by doug moench .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia and it contains banana leaf .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where rome is the capital .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the javan dish of ayam penyet .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course and it includes bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which france , united states and china claim to have invented .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell , and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has shortcrust pastry as an ingredient .
lemon is part of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino people are from .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
beef kway teow comes from the singapore region where tony tan is the leader .
bhajji come from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses gram flour .
sweet potato and banana are ingredients in binignit recipes .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes which are of the order solanales .
bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served at the dessert course .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
batagor is a variation of the dish siomay , which contains peanut sauce .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku are commemorated by the baku turkish martyrs memorial made of red granite and white marble .
the native name for the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made from red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
ac cesena play in the serie b league , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax team and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax n . v . owns afc ajax which has 53502 members .
amsterdam is the location of the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) and the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in shuvalan .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
acharya institute of technology , which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange , was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in karnatka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e - book .
eric flint wrote the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems is " atiset " and the abbreviation is acm trans . inf . syst .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids journal is from .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
the author of a wizard of mars is diane duane and the oclc number is 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
the novel aenir was followed up by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir , which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the coden code for administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the author of aenir is garth nix and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
lake placid and saranac lake ( both in new york ) are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag . the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in both the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and in operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres . the 1st runway is made from poaceae .
alpena county regional airport , located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has a runway named south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly , wisconsin and part of little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport can be found in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where alexis tsipras is the leader .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin ( alternatively called edwin e . aldrin jr . ) was a crew member of apollo 11 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california . a smilodon fossil was found there .
elliot see joined nasa in 1962 and died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see , deceased , was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas .
william anders ( born in british hong kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa where the capital is cape town and 11 diagonal street is located .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and coloured people are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , u . s . , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin and it was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was completed in december 2008 and was designed by the company populous .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was designed by architects 3xn and is currently tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of the adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall , which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 , and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , a country lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on asser levy place and east 23rd street . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic book character auron was created by walt simonson and karl kesel , an american .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcasts bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo ( full name bibbo ) bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
tom lyle and roger stern created the comic book character of blockbuster who has the alternative name of roland desmond .
ernie colón and dan mishkin created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternatively known as ajo blanco ) from spain .
ajoblanco contains water and is from andalusia in spain .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , which leaders are joko widodo and jusuf kalla .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where the italian language is spoken . it is also where arrabbiata sauce can be found .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy and has chili pepper as an ingredient .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome , italy .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from malaysia and java .
sausage is a main ingredient in a bacon explosion which also contains bacon and comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington , d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches which are popular in the uk and a variation is the blt .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from both the country of france and the region of new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the antioquia department region and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes can be found in france where gerard larcher and claude bartolone are leaders .
barny cakes can be made with apple . they contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 grams of protein .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of indonesia and is made in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are called indian .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
sweet potato and banana are ingredients in the dish binignit which can be found in the philippines .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco , mexico and contains raisins .
celery is from the genus apium and the family of apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a type of dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region and java ( home of the baduy people ) .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is from spain , where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku is located .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both calcio catania and s . s . d . potenza calcio .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan . they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at runcorn fc halton but is attached to drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at stockport county fc but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town football club and plays for kv mechelen .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde , " they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens fc ground is in athens and they compete in the superleague greece . they have 69618 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league whose champions are qarabag fk .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault , who play in the premier development league , of which k - w united fc were champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader of italians .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland is mario botta and there are 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing tennis body .
the largest city in india is mumbai and one of the country ' s rivers is the ganges . the awh engineering college is also located in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the prime minister of romania is klaus johannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " and is available in print form .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is 512 pages long and can be found as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and is available in hardcover .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the issn number 1558 - 2868 and is part of the academic discipline of computer science .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
aip advances , published by american institute of physics , is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and has a coden code of " aaidbi " .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in the english language and was followed by the secret scripture . the english language is spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp , available in print has the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and was published in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback with the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) covers the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , about addiction , has issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics issn number 1080 - 6377 is abbreviated to am . j . math and comes under the discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications founded by sara miller mccune publishes the administrative science quarterly which is abbreviated to admin . sci . q .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the language used is english .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas , united states and has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighters . the operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters . the operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft as well as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport . punjab is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . the runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin . the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , in the united states , where the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and the largest city is houston .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction there .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2 , 349 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , can be found in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of the town of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of poales and commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , spain , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire .
egg harbor township , new jersey , united states is the location of atlantic city international airport , which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott .
buzz aldrin is a us national born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . joe biden is a united states leader .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot and died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see died in st louis on 28 february 1966 . he was born in dallas on 23 july 1927 .
william anders retired on 1 september 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital . cyril ramaphosa is one of the leaders of south africa , and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups there .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , governed by cleveland city council .
construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the building has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where the leader is susana mendoza .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland . crona n dhálaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where crona n dhálaigh was lord mayor . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by architects 3xn and is owned by bella center . its tenant is the marriott international hotel .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where the tamil language is spoken .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style . it is located in sri lanka .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia , which was designed by robert a m stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and they are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . alan b miller hall was completed on 1st june 2009 and is located in virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , whose leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the ski lankan rupee .
san francisco born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of los angeles herald examiner building and asilomar state beach .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is one part of new york city , and new netherland is also a part of new york city .
labour politician , john clancy is the leader of birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' and is the hometown of architect , john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa city hall and the addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . bananaman was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american duncan rouleau . damon wayans , jr . starred in the film big hero 6 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . the creator of this character is american national , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph . the creator of this character is american national , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of the dish arem - arem which is a variation of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java and is served as a main course . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . it is also known as asam padeh .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . the dish is also found in malaysia , where the malay are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and variations include the blt . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and variations include the blt . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and one of the ingredients is brown sauce .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which comes from either paris , new york , hong kong or the united states .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient and comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region that contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire . shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor comes from indonesia and is a variation of siomay . it includes a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . it is a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular food of singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia and singapore . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . it is also found in indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the people are known as indian and the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . t s thakur is the leader of india and vajubhai vala is also a leader .
cookies and binignit are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco , mexico and its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is made in china and found in indonesia . the capital of indonesia is jakarta and its leader is jusuf kalla .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it contains celery . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , the capital city of which is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . tony tan is the leader of singapore and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy comes from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is from spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group , the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland .
adams county , pennsylvania is located east of franklin county and south of carrol county , maryland . it is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial can be found in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial made of red granite and white marble is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona who played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a . their full name is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . and they have 39371 members .
italian born rolando maran manages the a . c . chievo verona . he also plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where greek is spoken . the country is the location of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club .
associazione sportiva gubbio srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members , played in the 2014 season and has its ground in italy .
the full name of as gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " . the club played in the 2014 season and their ground is called stadio pietro barbetti . it has 5300 members .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio . their home ground is the stadio armando picchi they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season and have 19238 members .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . , or a . s roma for short , has its ground in rome and has 70634 members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena which is located in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
qaraba fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( nickname asa gigante ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . previous champions of this league have been vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they played in the 2015 season and the vila nova futebol clube were champions at the league .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and was managed by denzil antonio . the club played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions . their ground is in akron , ohio , in the united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken there is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus fc are former champions of serie a in which as roma also play . their full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus johannis . ethnically the country is largely germanic .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . there are 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war ( written by david weber ) and followed by ring of fire ii ( written in english ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia demarce , has 512 pages and was published as an e book with the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins and is from the united kingdom , which capital is london and its leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was made in print with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in the english language , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages , an oclc number of 8805735 and an isbn number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , about addiction , has a lccn number of 93645978 and an issn number of 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , affiliated with the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the capital city is washington dc .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreivated to am . j . math , is published bimonthly and its discipline is math . it has issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreivated to am . j . math , was first published in 1878 and comes under the discipline of math . it has an issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of both the us and great britain is english .
english is spoken in both great britain and the united states . in the united states , asian americans are an ethnic group and a severed wasp was written .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in both the u . s . and great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk where lippincott williams & wilkins publish the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . african americans are an ethnic group there .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is located 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is kabi . the runway , which is 2194 . 0 in length , is named 17l / 35r .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is kabi . the runway name is 17r / 35l and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4349 . 0 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which is known locally as kheria air force station .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama . the usaf has lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts , boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircrafts and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers such as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab , pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city , austin is the capital and spanish is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the inhabitants are called texans . one of the languages spoken in texas is spanish . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 ft .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level . the runway , which is named 3 / 21 , measures a length of 2 , 349 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , menasha , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand which is elevated 34 meters above sea level . the airport ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . the runway , which is named 03r / 21l has a length of 1411 .
turkmenistan airlines operate ashgabat international airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in ashgabat . the runway name is 12r / 30l and it has a length of 2989 . 0 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region . the flemish region is in the country of belgium where charles michel is the leader and the city of antwerp is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and joined nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member of apollo 14 and is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission along with backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott . bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference under its president gregory l . fenves .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on 1 september 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in the uk , and elizabeth ii is a leader . the currency of the uk is the pound sterling .
construction of 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states , which is the location of 300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . dail eireann is a leader in dublin .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the main language is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe , its capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and the japanese are an ethnic group found in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the prime minister of india is narendra modi .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in eastern province , sri lanka , which is lead by austin fernando . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located in pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan . they were constructed in 1904 and are in the architectural sytle of romanesque revival architecture . the reference number in the national register of historic places is 80002709 and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is part of new york city , new york and its leader is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b and it is governed by andrew mitchell and the birmingham city council .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the primary language , and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . john roberts is a leader in the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president of the united states . joe biden is a leader in the united states , where english is the primary language and white americans are an ethnic group .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . baymax was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco originates from andalusia in spain . its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . ajo blanco is an alternative name for ajoblanco .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from lazio , italy . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . it is also where arem - arem , a javanese dish , originates from .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy , where italians are from , rome is the capital and italian is the language spoken . arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . the leader of the community of valencia is ximo puig , the people are called spaniards and the leader of the country is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur . malaysian chinese and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java and is made nationwide and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . ayam penyet should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is leader and the capital is washington dc . english is the language of the united states and native americans are an ethnic group there .
baked alaska comes from france where french is the national language . hong kong , led by carrie lam and gerard larcher , is also home to baked alaska .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales , derbyshire , where bakewell pudding originates from . a variation of the pudding is bakewell tart , which uses shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region and one of the ingredients is lemon . lemon belongs to the order rosids and the family rutaceae .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the language is french and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international , can be found in france . the company was founded in chicago . the leader of france is gerard larcher and the spoken language is french .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore , a country where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular food of singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . it can also be known as bhaji and bajji .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indians .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero . cake is also a dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara and mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and cake is also a dessert .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the county of derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding called bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding called bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a dish from indonesia ( capital jakarta ) . jusuf kalla is the leader of the country and they speak indonesian there .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where italians live and rome is the capital . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and the language spoken there is english . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is also spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
ajoblanco originates from spain where the spaniards are from and the currency is the euro . the country ' s leader is felipe vi and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county , both of pennsylvania . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager who has also been a footballer for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos fc . their manager is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c . and is in the real zaragoza club .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which was won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , managed by vica , has 17000 members .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students .
kempe gowda is the founder of bangalore which is the location of the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the west of the city is the arabian sea .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people live , and was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber .
annie dunne preceded a long long way , which was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber . a long long way comes from ireland , where white people live .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the united states and great britain is english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the united states and great britain is english .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom . the country uses the english language and has the capital city of london . aids ( journal ) is published in the uk .
elizabeth ii and david cameron are leaders in the uk where lippincott williams & wilkins publishes the aids journal . the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english which is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is an american born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard was an american astronaut who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died on the 21st of july 1998 in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin ( alternatively called edwin e . aldrin jr ) was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit scd in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he has retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 with backup pilot william anders .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated in turkey on 27 july 1932 in izmir . the turkish leader ' s name is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument was provided by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is owned by the national park service and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the state of karnataka has the arabian sea to the west and is the location of the acharya institute of technology . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he has since retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a test pilot and crewed the nasa operated apollo 12 , which was commanded by david scott . alan bean is now retired .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and he served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was a test pilot who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew operated by nasa and whose backup pilot was william anders . joe biden is a united states leader .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 where he served as a crew member of apollo 11 . he has now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and worked as a test pilot . he died on 28th february 1966 in st louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . cumberland county , pennsylvania is to the north of adams county and carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is made from red granite and white marble . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , and governed by the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 , its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis and its national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! . ethnically the country is largely germanic .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
