jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas has its county seat in andrews .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastián de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
the apollo 8 operator is nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see performed as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
the building at 20 fenchurch street was started to be erected in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art was 28th september 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader of the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
mayor is the title of the leader of albany , georgia .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the albuquerque city council .
amarillo texas is located in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the elevation above the sea level in antioch , california , is 13 . 0 .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rené goscinny .
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic character , auron .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema has won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award ( comics ) .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem originates from the region of indonesia .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
ac lumezzane played the 2014 - 15 season in the lega pro .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
as livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica manages agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel is in the sv germania schoneiche club .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc have been premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 .
acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars was published in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
the journal addiction is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work by john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport which is located in san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india whose leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport , is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and is operated by the schiphol group .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae ( poales order ) .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london whose leader is the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the addis ababa city hall , which is 42 metres high , is currently occupied by the government of addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka , where the language spoken is tamil .
the building of alan b miller hall , which is located at 101 ukrop way , began on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , which was designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles ( alternative name aurakles ) was created by len wein .
the comic character , ballistic , has the alternative name , kelvin mao , and was created by doug moench .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia that contains banana leaf .
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where rome is the capital .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course and includes bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska , which france , united states and china claim to have invented .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in rutland arms , bakewell , in 1820 and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has shortcrust pastry as an ingredient .
lemon is from the citrus genus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and one of the ingredients is shrimp .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are an ethnic group .
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses gram flour .
binignit includes sweet potato and banana .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is the sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument ( zmir ) in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is made of red granite and white marble , is turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in the serie a league .
acf fiorentina play in the serie a league which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax n . v . owns afc ajax which has 53502 members .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in shuvalan .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members .
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of the ground of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense and is located in brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s full name is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the all india council for technical education granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e - book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids journal is from .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 and an oclc number of 57392246 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
aenir was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought in the korean war , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and was involved in both the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 733 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has the runway name " south runway " .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of kimberly and little chute .
appleton international airport can be found in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission under commander david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where the smilodon is a fossil .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st . louis on the 28th of february , 1966 .
elliot see , deceased , was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas .
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , a country led by jacob zuma and whose ethnic group is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , new york which is part of erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was completed in december 2008 and was designed by the company populous .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
3xn was the architect of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where the tenant is the marriott international hotel .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by james pain and completed in 1862 .
addis ababa city hall is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the government of addis ababa are the current tenants .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 , has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 , and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , a country led by ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in asser levy place , east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , the country where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the comic character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
ernie colón and dan mishkin created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , whose alter ego is larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
joko widodo and jusuf kalla are the leaders of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy , where italian is the language spoken . arrabbiata sauce can be found there .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy and has chili pepper as an ingredient .
arrabbiata sauce is made with garlic and comes from rome , italy .
arros negre contains squid and is from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from malaysia and also found in java .
bacon and sausage are ingredients in the bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are a variation of the blt . condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska , which has meringue as an ingredient , is from france and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region and one of the ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , which can be made with apple , contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 grams of protein .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a popular food of indonesia and singapore where tony tan is a leader .
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which come from india .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which come from the karnataka region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is part of the apiaceae family and the genus apium . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a type of dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and jakarta is the capital city .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore and can be found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan . their ground is the estadio jorge calero suárez and they have 10000 members .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
stuart parker is a member of the drogheda united f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton football clubs . he has also been manager of afc blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he was at stockport county fc and was at drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town fc and plays for kv mechelen .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader of the italian people .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland is mario botta and there are 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing tennis body .
the awh engineering college is located in india , where the largest city is mumbai and the ganges river is also found .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of the country is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
the american institute of physics publishes aip advances which is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) was edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has a coden code of " aaidbi " .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 and the oclc number 76798317 .
a long long way was written in english , the language spoken in great britain , and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . it was published in print and has the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and was published in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was written by australians and preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . the lccn number is 83646315 and the issn number is 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) discipline is math and the issn number is " 0236 - 5294 " .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir written by garth nix is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) comes under the discipline of math and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is published by sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune .
aids ( journal ) was published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . it has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and awadh . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers and use the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft as well as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport , which is located in punjab , pakistan , which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . the headquarters of the authority are at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . the runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where english is spoken and austin is the capital . tejano is a demonym term used in texas .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , in the united states , where the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction of the flemish region . the flemish region is located in belgium .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , can be found in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of poales and commelinids and is in the class of monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and is 597 . 0 in length .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . enaire is located in madrid , spain .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on aug 1 , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot who died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , which was once part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see died in st louis on 28 february 1966 . he was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital . cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders , and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups there .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio which is governed by the cleveland city council .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where susana mendoza is a leader .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the 23 floor ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and the tenant is the marriott international hotel . the hotel was designed by the architects of the firm 3xn .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia which was designed by the architect robert a m stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . alan b miller hall was completed on 1st june 2009 and is located in virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , whose leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
san francisco born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the landmark los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar state beach .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states , which was part of new netherland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour politician john clancy .
addis ababa city hall and the addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president of the united states . one of the leaders in the united states is paul ryan .
bananaman first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 and was created by steve bright . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a javanese dish . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course dish served nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome , italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the alternative name for the dish is asam padeh .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . it is also found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one ethnic group of the country .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are a variation of the blt . the main ingredient is bacon and the sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich is popular in the uk . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from either france , the united states , hong kong or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska is from the united states and can be found in hong kong , new york and paris . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
frangipane is an ingredient of the bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor , a variation of siomay , comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are peanut sauce , fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables .
batagor is a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay . it is found in indonesia .
halimah yacob is a leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular food of indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia and singapore . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the people are known as indians and the leaders are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . two of the leaders of the country are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is a leader in india .
cookies and binignit are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is made in china and found in indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is the leader .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and where celery is an ingredient .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore where tony tan is the leader . the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi . spaniards are an ethnic group from spain .
the municipality of gettysburg in adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . adams county is south of cumberland county and northwest of carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade , the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members and played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season . their full name is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l .
italian born rolando maran is in the carrarese calcio club and plays for unione triestina 2012 ssd . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for both torino f . c . and fc bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the greek language is spoken . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they have 5300 members and play in the 2014 season . their ground is located in italy .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their home ground is stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and its home ground is the stadio armando picchi . the club played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( nicknamed asa gigante ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . previous champions of this league have been vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . they were in the league in 2015 and vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and are in the 2011 pdl season . the manager of akron summit assault is denzil antonio .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus fc are champions of serie a in which as roma also play . their full name is " associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . " and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland is mario botta . it has an academic staff of 100 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta and it was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and has a staff compliment of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and an academic staff of 737 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war ( written by david weber ) and followed by ring of fire ii ( written in english ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , was produced in print with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was followed by annie dunne and the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print with the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has an isbn number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 and an oclc number of 318875313 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has an issn number of 1360 - 0443 and an lccn number of 93645978 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math ) is published bi - monthly and comes under the discipline of math . it has an issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and comes under the discipline of math .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the u . s .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where lippincott williams & wilkins publish the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . one of the ethnic groups in the us are the african americans .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english and barack obama is the leader . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states . it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level . it has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17l / 35r and is 2194 . 0 in length .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level . it has the icao location identifier of kabi and a runway length of 2194 . 0 . the runway name is 17r / 35l .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4349 . 0 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and awadh . its native name is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed c - 130 hercules as transport aircraft and the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers such as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . the capital of texas is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , menasha , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is elevated 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 1411 . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . its runway name is 4 / 22 and its icao location identifier is kacy . it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction there . the leader of belgium is charles michel .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he died in california on july 21 , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as his back up pilot and david scott as commander . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the appointed president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born on february 28 , 1966 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , and elizabeth ii is a leader . the currency of the united kingdom is the pound sterling .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states and has 60 floors . chicago ' s leader is rahm emanuel .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dáil éireann .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where the tamil language is spoken and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency used in the country is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and the japanese are an ethnic group found in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the leader of gujarat and the leader of gujarat is known as the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and t s thakur is a leader in india .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and buildings of significance in chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located in pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 in the romanesque revival style of architecture , is located on 23rd street , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is the city council lead by andrew mitchell and the postcode area is the b .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia , a country led by malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and where the ethnic group is african american . john roberts is a leader in the united states , where the title of the leader is president of the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and white americans are an ethnic group . joe biden is a leader in the united states and the title of the leader is president of the united states .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from andalusia , spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from lazio , italy . tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the javanese dish arem - arem is a traditional dish .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy , where italians live , rome is the capital and italian is the language spoken . arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy .
ximo puig is a leader of the valencian community ( spain ) where arros negre comes from . the leader of the spaniards is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian is an ethnic group from malaysia .
arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia , a country where the malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . ayam penyet should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the language is english . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and barack obama is the leader . native americans are one ethnic group of the country .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken . hong kong is led by carrie lam and gerard larcher .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from patrick mcloughlin led derbyshire dales in derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian dish from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the genus citrus and is part of the rutaceae family .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , come from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international ( founded in chicago ) , can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular food of singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji and bajji .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the people there are called indians .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco , mexico where the leader is jesus casillas romero . bionico is served as a dessert course and a variation on dessert is cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . a variation on dessert is cake . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is a dish that comes from the derbyshire dales region of the county of derbyshire . it includes frangipane . patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and jakarta is the capital . indonesian is spoken in the country .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the ilocano and igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where spanish is spoken and the currency is the euro . the leader of the country is felipe vi and spaniards are the inhabitants .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county , both of pennsylvania . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku are commemorated by the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and is a member of the chesterfield f . c .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . aek athens f . c . ' s manager is gus poyet , who has played for chelsea f . c . and is in the real zaragoza club .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , managed by vica , play in this league and have 17000 members .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland is mario botta . there are 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda . to the west of karnataka is the arabian sea .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the book the secret scriptures , published by faber and faber in ireland , followed the book " a long long way " . ireland is a country where white people are an ethnic group .
annie dunne preceded a long long way which was followed by the secret scripture published by faber and faber . a long long way comes from ireland where white people live .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians . it was followed by the violet keystone and into battle .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nicknamed cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and also of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders of the united kingdom . the capital city is london and english is the language spoken . the aids journal was published in the uk .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , parented by lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer . it is from the united kingdom , where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and also of great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died on july 21st , 1998 in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission where william anders was a backup pilot .
elliot see was born on february 28 , 1966 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and became a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is a bronze monument designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the us by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland . it is owned by the national park service and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
american alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission where he performed as a test pilot . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he was a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 alongside backup pilot william anders . joe biden is a us leader .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he worked as a test pilot and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and worked as a test pilot . he died on feb 28 , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and became a fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of cumberland county and carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and is made of bronze . it is located in turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan . the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest and the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
