the leader of aarhus is jacob bundsgaard .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas has its county seat in andrews .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
andrews county airport runway name is helipad .
angola international airport serves luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
the apollo 8 operator is nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see served as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
the building at 20 fenchurch street was started to be erected in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the inauguration date of the akita museum of art was 28th september 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of du page county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group from japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the leader of the united states is paul ryan .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is located within the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque city council leads albuquerque in new mexico .
amarillo texas is located in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
the mayor leads ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 metres above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is located in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is located within the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rene goscinny .
the comic book character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is " hugh hazzard " .
john buscema has won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award ( comics ) .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served " hot " .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are included in batchoy .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
spanish is a language spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
ac lumezzane played the 2014 - 15 season in the lega pro .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
as livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense are managed by vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens fc .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc have been premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury fc .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the aip advances eissn number is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in the english language .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport , san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas , madrid .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae and the runway length is 877 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport and is headquartered at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and is operated by the schiphol group .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae ( poales order ) .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , retired on august 1 , 1974 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and his occupation was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states which is lead by barack obama .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the owner of 3arena is live nation entertainment which is based in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
alan b . miller hall ' s building start date was 30 march 2007 and it ' s address is 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , which was designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located at u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as simply aurakles , was created by len wein .
doug moench is the creator of the comic character ballistic who has the alternative name of kelvin mao .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
bananaman stars bill oddie , who was born in lancashire .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
the antioquia department is found in the country of colombia and is where bandeja paisa comes from .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem arem which comes from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where rome is the capital .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre contains squid and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is served as a main course .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell , and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is part of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and one of the ingredients is shrimp .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino is an ethnic group .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses gram flour .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato .
binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is an ingredient of binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes which are of the order solanales .
bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is served at the dessert course .
honey can be added to bionico which is served at the dessert course .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made from red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made from red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesana play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
afc fylde has 3180 members and its ground is called the fylde .
afc fylde has 3180 members and its ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax team and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax n . v . owns afc ajax which has 53502 members .
amsterdam is the location of the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) and the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil .
the agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s full name is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
acharya institute of technology , which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange , was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education .
acharya institute of technology offers tennis as a sport governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e - book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems is " atiset " and the abbreviation is acm trans . inf . syst .
the aids journal is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press which is based in the united states .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
the book aenir was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
lake placid and saranac lake , both in new york , are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in both the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has the runway name south runway .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of kimberly and little chute .
appleton international airport can be found in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the poales order .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium .
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin jr . , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where the fossil is a smilodon .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , a country led by jacob zuma and whose ethnic groups include the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was completed in december 2008 and the architect was the company populous .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm and is currently tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
addis ababa city hall , which is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres , is currently occupied by the government of addis ababa .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic book character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo ( full name bibbo ) bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic book character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by ernie colon and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , whose alter ego is larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco contains water and is from andalusia in spain .
joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders in indonesia where arem arem comes from .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader and the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy and has chili pepper as an ingredient .
arrabbiata sauce is made with garlic and comes from the rome region of italy .
arros negre contains squid and is from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra and malay peninsula . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from malaysia and java .
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion which originates from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches which are popular in the uk and a variation is the blt .
baked alaska , which has meringue as an ingredient , is from france and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are both desserts . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the antioquia department region and one of the ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where two of the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , which can be made with apple , contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 grams of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore where tony tan is the leader .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico that contains sour cream .
bionico contains raisins and is found in the region of jalisco in mexico .
celery is from the genus apium and the family apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java where ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . it is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where two of the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at runcorn fc halton but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at stockport county fc but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at irlam town fc but now plays for kv mechelen .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to afc fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in the azerbaijan premier league , the champions of which are qarabag fk .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
the ground of akron summit assault is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league which k - w united fc were champions of .
akron summit assault , who have 3000 members , play in the premier development league , of which k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and led by sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . it is located in athens where the mayor is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta and there are 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is the location of the awh engineering college . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of the country is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
aip advances , published by american institute of physics , is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and the coden code is aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in the english language , which is spoken in great britain , and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . it is available in print and has the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . it has 388 pages .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by the novel aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar and has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica issn number is " 0236 - 5294 " and the abbreviation is acta math . hungar . its discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and published in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math and comes under the discipline of math . its issn number is 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
david cameron is a leader in the uk where lippincott williams & wilkins publishes the aids journal .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is in the city of madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers and use the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft as well as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport , which is located in punjab , pakistan , which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . the headquarters of the authority are at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . the runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is spoken in texas and the local inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , in the united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym texan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and commelinids . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon .
alan bean is a us national who was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside alfred worden and david scott .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot and died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see died in st louis on 28 february 1966 . he was born in dallas on 23 july 1927 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town , cyril ramaphosa is a leader and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , governed by cleveland city council .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and the architectural style is postmodern .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where the leader is susana mendoza .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by bella center and has 23 floors . it was designed by the architects of the firm 3xn and is tenanted by marriott international .
construction of adisham hall , sri lanka , in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean , began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the language spoken is tamil .
construction of adisham hall , sri lanka , in the tudor revival style , began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia , which was designed by the architect robert a m stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located in virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india , whose leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
san francisco born julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of los angeles herald examiner building and asilomar state beach .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city , and new netherland is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour politician , john clancy .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is known as the president of the united states . one of the leaders in the united states is paul ryan .
bananaman first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 and was created by steve bright . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a javanese dish . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course dish served nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil and is found in rome , italy .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . it is also known as asam padeh .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . it is also found in malaysia , where the malay are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of the bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington dc . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and the bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . it is said to have originated in paris , new york or hong kong .
baked alaska is from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it includes frangipane .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . it includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of columbia . the main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor , a variation of siomay , comes from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor , a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay , is found in indonesia .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow originates from singapore .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow . the dish is served in indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is a leader in india .
cookies and binignit are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . it includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco , mexico and the ingredients include chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a chinese dish found in indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , it contains celery and is led by jusuf kalla .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore where tony tan is the leader . the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi . spaniards are an ethnic group from spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . franklin county is to the west and carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade and governed by the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a . their full name is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l .
italian born rolando maran plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . the country is the location of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they have 5300 members and play in the 2014 season . their ground is located in italy .
the full name of as gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " . they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is called stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . , abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio , has 19238 members and has the stadio armando picchi as its home ground . a . s . livorno calcio played the 2014 - 15 season in serie b .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and has a ground in rome . a . s . roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena which is located in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
qaraba fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league . azal pfk , who have 3500 members , play their home matches at the azal arena .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( nickname asa gigante ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . previous champions of this league have been vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league and competed in the 2015 event . vila nova futebol clube were champions at the campeonato brasileiro série c .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and is managed by denzil antonio . the club played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions of .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of the country is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital , the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso .
juventus fc are former champions of serie a in which as roma also play . their full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by 1634 : the baltic war ( written by david weber ) and followed by ring of fire ii ( written in english ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was followed by annie dunne and the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , is about addiction . it has an issn number of 1360 - 0443 and an lccn number of 93645978 .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language and comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math ) is published bi - monthly with its discipline being math . it has an issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and comes under the discipline of math .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of both the us and great britain is english .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group . english is also spoken in great britain .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of great britain and the united states .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken as it is in great britain .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway , which is 2194 . 0 in length , is named 17l / 35r .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway , which is 2194 . 0 in length , is named 17r / 35l .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14l / 32r which is 4349 metres long .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the native name of kheria air force station .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war . they deploy the lockheed c - 130 hercules as transport aircraft and the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city , austin is the capital and spanish is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas have the demonym texan and the spanish language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin and clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is elevated 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 1411 . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . its runway name is 4 / 22 and its icao location identifier is kacy . its runway length is 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york ) are served by adirondack regional airport .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and joined nasa in 1959 . he became a member of the apollo 14 crew and is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 and he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the appointed president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on 1 september 1969 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , and elizabeth ii is a leader . the currency of the uk is the pound sterling .
construction of 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago ( part of du page county , illinois , united states ) where 300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , is located .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . dáil éireann is a leader in dublin .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the language is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and the japanese are an ethnic group found in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is a leader in india and the leader of gujarat is known as the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the landmark los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the significant buildings of which include the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , which is lead by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is the city council lead by andrew mitchell and the postal code is the b .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and where the african americans are an ethnic group . john roberts is a leader in the united states and the title of the leader is president of the united states .
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the language is english and the leader is called the president . joe biden is a leader in the us and 250 delaware avenue is located there .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is a dish from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce , which is a dish from lazio , italy .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the language is indonesian and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . it is also where arem arem , a javanese dish , originates from .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader of the italian people and the capital city is rome . italian is the language spoken in italy .
arrs negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . the leader of the community of valencia is ximo puig , the people of spain are called spaniards and the leader of the country is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia , the country where the capital is kuala lumpur and ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malaysian indians .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and malaysian indian is an ethnic group from malaysia .
ayam penyet is made nationwide in java and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language is english . barack obama is the leader of the us and native americans are an ethnic group there .
baked alaska is from the country of france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are carrie lam and gerard larcher . hong kong is also home to baked alaska .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales . shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . lemon belongs to the genus citrus and rutceae family and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone and the french language is spoken .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international ( founded in chicago ) , can be found in france , where they speak french and the leader is gerard larcher .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables and it can also be known as bhaji or bajji .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the country is inhabited by the indian people . sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero . cake is also a dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara and mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and a variation on dessert is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the county of derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and the capital city is jakarta . indonesian is the language spoken in the country and the country is the origin of bakso .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and the language spoken there is english . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the spaniards are from and the spanish language is spoken . the currency used in the country is the euro and the leader is felipe vi of spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and the leader of the country is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has previously played for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens f . c . is managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . they currently play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , of which vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( managed by vica ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they have 17000 members and the vila nova futebol clube are champions of série c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
johann schneider - ammann is the leader of switzerland where the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino . the accademia has 600 students and was established in 1996 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda i . the arabian sea is west of the state .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people live , and was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber .
annie dunne preceded the book a long long way , which was followed by the secret scripture , which was published by faber and faber . ireland has an ethnic group called white people .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is in ithaca , new york and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and english is the main language . the country is the location of the aids journal .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins . the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english which is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 , which was commanded by david scott . alan bean is now retired .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st of july , 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is part of the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey and was designed by pietro canonica . it was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is made of bronze . the capital city is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is owned by the national park service . it is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is owned by the national park service . it is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he is a us national who served as a test pilot on nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and became a member of the apollo 14 crew . he died in california .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . his real name is edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his backup pilot . joe biden is a united states leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and then went on to become a test pilot . he died in st louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey and was designed by pietro canonica . the monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital city is ankara and the currency used in the country is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan and governed by the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
