jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas county seat is andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language of greece is greek .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 .
the apollo 14 mission was operated by nasa .
the apollo 8 mission was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see performed as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa was designed by the architect b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area " b " .
chicago is part of du page county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the u . s .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader in albany , georgia is called the mayor .
the total area of albany , oregon is 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque in new mexico is led by the albuquerque city council .
amarillo texas is located in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana , is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 metres above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is in the u . s .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic character , auron .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october , 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award ( comics ) .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
persea is the genus of the avocado .
ayam penyet should be served " hot " .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are included in batchoy .
binignit comes from the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians are the people who live in italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
spanish is a language spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
ac lumezzane played in the lega pro in the 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis competed in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
as livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet played for aek athens fc .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc have been premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 people .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
alba iulia is in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is published in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction journal is 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work by john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport , which is located at san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas , madrid .
the alderney airport has a runway length of 877 metres and its 1st runway surface is poaceae .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport and has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
andrews county airport is located in texas , the capital of which is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the poales order .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard , who was a member of the apollo 14 crew , retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and his occupation was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london , which is lead via the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , which is lead by barack obama .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which is located at north wall , dublin .
the owner of 3arena at east link bridge is live nation entertainment .
the owner of 3arena is live nation entertainment which is based in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the addis ababa city hall is 42 m high and the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
adisham hall , located in haputale , sri lanka , has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka , where the language is the tamil language .
alan b . miller hall , which is located at 101 ukrop way , began construction on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat which is lead by anandiben patel .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as ' ' aurakles ' ' was created by len wein .
the comic character , ballistic , has the alternative name , kelvin mao , and was created by doug moench .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia and it contains banana leaf .
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where rome is the capital .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
john roberts is a leader in the united states where bacon explosion comes from .
bacon explosion is a main course and it includes bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska , which france , united states and china claim to have invented .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell , and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and one of the ingredients is shortcrust pastry .
lemon is part of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and one of the ingredients is shrimp .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
beef kway teow comes from the singapore region where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji comes from the country india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses gram flour .
binignit includes sweet potato and banana .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes which are of the order solanales .
bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico , which is served at the dessert course .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
batagor is a variation of the dish siomay , which contains peanut sauce .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument ( zmir ) in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku are commemorated by the baku turkish martyrs memorial made of red granite and white marble .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is called the fylde and the club has 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax n . v . owns afc ajax and has 53502 members .
amsterdam is the location of the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) and the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena which is located in shuvalan .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the all india council for technical education granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as a sport , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e - book .
eric flint wrote the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids journal is from .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press which is based in the united states .
the author of a wizard of mars is diane duane and the oclc number is 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
the book aenir was followed up by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the coden code for administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , was written by garth nix .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv , which is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
lake placid and saranac lake ( both in new york ) are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport has a runway length of 1219 . 0 metres .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag . the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought in the korean war , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in both the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and in operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 metres .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol which serves the city of amsterdam has a runway length of 3500 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has a runway named south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
the flemish department of mobility and public works operate the antwerp international airport which serves the city of antwerp . the airport is owned by the flemish region .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of kimberly and little chute .
appleton international airport can be found in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 metres .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside commander david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california . a smilodon fossil was found in that state .
elliot see , who worked for nasa beginning in 1962 , died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see , deceased , was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas .
william anders ( born in british hong kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and coloured people are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , u . s . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm . the current tenant is the marriott international hotel .
the jp mcmanus owned adare manor was designed by the architect james pain and was completed in 1862 .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall , which was started on 30 march 2007 , and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic book character auron was created by walt simonson and karl kesel , an american .
the bbc , which broadcast bananaman , is located in london and a key person there is tony hall or baron hall of birkenhead .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the comic book character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by tom lyle and roger stern .
ernie colón and dan mishkin created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternatively known as ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco contains water and is from andalusia in spain .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the rome region of italy . its main ingredient is chili pepper .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy . its main ingredient is garlic .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and is from the catalonia region in spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from malaysia and java .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states , it ' s ingredients include bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches and a variation is the blt . the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska , which has meringue as an ingredient , is from france and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh and baked alaska ( which contains christmas pudding ) are both desserts .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes can be made with apple . they contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the currency is the singapore dollar .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from the region of indonesia and is made in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia and also singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of the dessert known as bionico . the dish comes from mexico .
bionico contains raisins and comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
celery is from the genus apium and the family apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a dish served for dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region and java ( home of the baduy people ) .
ayam penyet is a food found nationwide in java , where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group . it can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is from spain , where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the southwest lies frederick county , maryland .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez and has 10000 members . their full name is isidro metapan .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at runcorn fc halton but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at stockport county fc but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town football club and plays for kv mechelen .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is in warton , fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid cf .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league . previous champions of this league have been vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
akron summit assault play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions . their ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and led by sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has a student population of 600 . the dean is called mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and one of the rivers is the ganges .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the prime minister of romania is klaus johannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university ( latin name - universitas apulensis ) is located in romania . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print form and can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is 512 pages long and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
aip advances , published by american institute of physics , is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and has a coden code of " aaidbi " .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
the book the secret scripture followed the book " a long long way , " which is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp , available in print has the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is available in print and has 388 pages .
a wizard of mars by diane duane has the oclc number 318875313 , and is available in hardcover .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback with the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . the lccn number is 83646315 and the issn number is 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica , or acta math . hungar . , covers the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) or simply addiction has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics issn number 1080 - 6377 is abbreviated to am . j . math . and comes under the discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications founded by sara miller mccune publishes the administrative science quarterly which is abbreviated to admin . sci . q .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk , where david cameron is a leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the language used is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . it has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is in the city of madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters . the operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft as well as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the headquarters of the authority are at jinnah international airport . punjab ' s leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol which serves the city of amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and a runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in texas and the local inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , in the united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym texan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction there .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . the airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2 , 349 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , can be found in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of poales and commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . its runway length is 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . enaire is located in madrid , spain .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean is a us national who was a member of the crew of nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot before passing away in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside commander david scott and backup pilot alfred worden .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey and is a us national . joe biden is a united states leader .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student of the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot who died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see died in st louis on 28 february 1966 . he was born in dallas on 23 july 1927 .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town , cyril ramaphosa is one of the leaders and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups from south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio which is governed by the cleveland city council .
construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the building has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , which is part of dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland . crona n dhálaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland . crona n dhálaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors . the hotel is in denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm and has 23 floors . it is owned by bella center and its current tenant is the marriott international hotel .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in sri lanka in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where the tamil language is spoken .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style . it is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia which was designed by robert a m stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and they are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . alan b miller hall was completed on 1st june 2009 and is located in virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , whose leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency used is the ski lankan rupee .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of los angeles herald examiner building , asilomar state beach and more .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and the asilomar conference .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city , which was part of new netherland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . labour politician , john clancy is the leader of birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' .
addis ababa city hall and the addis ababa stadium are both located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
bananaman first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 and starred tim brooke - taylor . it was created by steve bright .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
the american , duncan rouleau created the character of baymax who appeared in big hero 6 alongside actor damon wayans jr .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american duncan rouleau . maya rudolph starred in the film big hero 6 .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in ajoblanco , which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain . it contains water .
lemper is a variation of the dish arem - arem which is a variation of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java , and is served as a main course . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre is from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle .
asam padeh or asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . it is found in malaysia and originates from the sumatra and malay peninsula regions .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . the dish is also found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of the bacon explosion are bacon and sausage , and comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and variations include the blt . the main ingredient is bacon and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and variations include the blt . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish comes from either paris , new york , hong kong or the united states .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient and comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . it includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor , a variation of siomay , comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay and includes shiitake among its ingredients .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular food of singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia and singapore . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is found in indonesia and also singapore where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the people are known as indian . the country ' s leaders include sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is a leader in india .
cookies and binignit are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . it includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico comes from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is made in china and found in indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is a leader .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , which leader is jusuf kalla and one of its ingredients is celery .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , the capital city of which is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore where tony tan is the leader . ayam penyet is also found in java where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is from spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group , the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi .
the municipality of gettysburg in adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . adams county is south of cumberland county and northwest of carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , which falls under the category of contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the southeast lies carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan and the leader is artur rasizade . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a . their full name is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l .
italian born rolando maran plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio . he previously managed ac chievo verona .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . the language of the country is greek .
associazione sportiva gubbio srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members , competed in the 2014 season and its ground is located in italy .
the full name of as gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " . the club has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is called stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . , abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio , has 19238 members , has the stadio armando picchi as its home ground and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie b .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . , or a . s roma for short , has a ground in rome and 70634 members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena which is located in azerbaijan . they currently play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league in which azal pfk also play . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their nickname is asa gigante and the league champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league and competed in the 2015 event . vila nova futebol clube are the champions of série c .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and were managed by denzil antonio . the club played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions . their ground is in akron , ohio , in the united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus fc are champions of serie a in which as roma also play . their full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has an academic staff of 100 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . ethnically the country is largely germanic .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated to the european university association .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . there are 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war ( written by david weber ) and followed by ring of fire ii ( written in english ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is published as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins and is from the united kingdom , which capital is london and its leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . it was produced in print with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , is about addiction . it has an lccn number of 93645978 and an issn number of 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the capital city is washington d . c .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math ) is published bi - monthly with its discipline being math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and comes under the discipline of math .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of both the us and great britain is english .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in the u . s . and great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk where lippincott , williams & wilkins publish the aids journal .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is located 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi . the runway , which is 2194 . 0 in length , is named 17l / 35r .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is located 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi . the runway , which is 2194 . 0 in length , is named 17r / 35l .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14l / 32r which is 4349 metres long .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , part of awadh and bundelkhand . the native name of the airport is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is located 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city , austin is the capital and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the inhabitants are known as texans . one of the languages spoken in texas is spanish and houston is the largest city . austin is the capital of texas .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 ft .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level . the runway , which is named 3 / 21 , measures a length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , menasha , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand which is elevated 34 meters above sea level . the airport ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . it is 1411 long and the runway name is 03r / 21l .
turkmenistan airlines operate ashgabat international airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in ashgabat . it has a runway length of 2989 . 0 metres and a runway named 12r / 30l .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . its icao location identifier is kacy . it is 23 metres above sea level . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel . the jurisdiction of the flemish government in belgium is the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard died on 21 july 1998 in california . he was born on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire and graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and became a member of the apollo 14 crew . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see ( born in dallas ) went to the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference in austin . gregory l . fenves is the appointed president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on 1 september 1969 . he served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located within the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in the uk , while elizabeth ii is a leader in the uk . the currency of the united kingdom is the pound sterling .
construction of 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago , du page county , illinois , united states . 300 north lasalle is located in the city and has 60 floors .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . dáil éireann is a leader in dublin .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the language is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe , its capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and the japanese are an ethnic group found in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and t . s . thakur was an indian leader .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the landmark los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the significant buildings of which include the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located in pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan . the baths were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , which is lead by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b and the governing body is birmingham city council lead by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are both leaders of ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the primary language . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans , and the leader of the country has the title president of the united states . john roberts is a leader in the us .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the primary language , and white americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states , and joe biden is also a leader .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is a dish from the andalusia region of spain and includes the ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
amatriciana is a sauce from lazio , italy . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arem - arem is a javanese dish found in indonesia . the country ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the language is indonesian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome . sergio mattarella is a leader in italy , and italians are the people who live there .
ximo puig is a leader in the valencian community ( spain ) where arros negre comes from . the leader of the spaniards is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and among the ethnic groups are the malaysian chinese and the malaysian indians .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the malaysian chinese .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is from indonesia and malaysia ( home to ethnic malaysian chinese ) . the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , english is the language used and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is spoken . hong kong , led by carrie lam and gerard larcher is also home to the dish .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for bakewell pudding , a variation of which is bakewell tart . shortcrust pastry is one of the ingredients of the tart .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where french is spoken and leaders include gérard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international ( founded in chicago ) , can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
tony tan and halimah yacob are both leaders in singapore , a country where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular food of singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indians .
bionico is found in the jalisco region of mexico . it is served as a dessert course and a variation on dessert is cake . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara and mexico . it is a variation on cake . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the county of derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding called bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding called bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader , jakarta is the capital and indonesian is the language spoken .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . english is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language but arabic is also spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . english is spoken in singapore and the leaders are tony tan and halimah yacob .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the currency is the euro . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . spanish is spoken in the country .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county , both of pennsylvania . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku are commemorated by the baku turkish martyrs memorial located in azerbaijan . the memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager who has also represented kv mechelen fc and chesterfield fc .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos fc . their manager is gus poyet , who has played for chelsea fc and real zaragoza .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in arapiraca . they currently play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . previous champions of this league have been vila nova futebol clube .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , who are managed by vica , have 17000 members .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students . the country ' s leader is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its founder is kempe gowda i . to the west of karnataka is the arabian sea .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the book the secret scriptures , published by faber and faber , was written in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group . the novel a long long way comes from ireland .
the secret scriptures , published by faber and faber , followed the book a long long way , which was preceded by annie dunne . a long long way comes from ireland , where white people are an ethnic group .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the african americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans . the language of the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
aids journal is from the united kingdom where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders . the capital is london and english is the language spoken there .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , parented by lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer . it originates in the uk , where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is native americans . a severed wasp is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is native americans . the language of the united states is english which is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander . alan bean is now retired .
alan shepard was an american astronaut who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died on july 21st , 1998 in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
fighter pilot buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of the apollo 11 mission along with backup pilot william anders .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is part of the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey and was designed by pietro canonica . the monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield in the county . the battlefield is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 which is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument was provided by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district . the monument was provided by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the state of karnataka has the arabian sea to the west and is the location of the acharya institute of technology . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated to the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission where he performed as a test pilot . alan bean is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a test pilot and a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
alan shepard was an american born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he was a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a member of nasa ' s apollo 11 crew along with backup pilot william anders . the united states is lead by joe biden .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 alongside backup pilot william anders .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he worked as a test pilot and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and later became a test pilot . he died on feb 28 , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county also of pennsylvania and to the southeast lies carroll county , maryland .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister and its legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! . ethnically the country is largely germanic .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
