jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is one of the languages spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
greek is the language spoken in greece .
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see served as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located on colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
abilene , texas has the area code 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque city council is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
the mayor is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california has an elevation above the sea level of 13 . 0 .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rene goscinny .
the creator of auron ( comics character ) is marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie starred in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the creator of bolt ( comics character ) is dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema won the eagle award in the comics genre .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in the comics genre .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served " hot " .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a type of dessert .
ice cream is a type of dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans inhabit mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
a . s . roma were in the 2014 – 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the journal addiction has the oclc number 27367194 .
the journal addiction is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university has the nickname cornell big red .
hiv is a member of the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
the author of wolf solent is john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport , san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india whose leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in alcobendas , madrid .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae and the runway length is 877 .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where austin is the capital .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s second runway surface type is poaceae which is of the poales order .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london , a city lead by the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
the alan b . miller hall was started to be built on 30 march 2007 and is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall which was designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , whose leader is anandiben patel .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as ' ' aurakles ' ' , was created by len wein .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcast by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem , which contains banana leaf , is a dish from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where rome is the capital .
arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes and comes from italy .
arros negre contains squid and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal and is a popular dish in java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course that contains bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa and is a member of the citrus genus .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino is an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which contains gram flour .
sweet potato and banana are ingredients in binignit .
binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato , which belongs to flowering plants , is an ingredient in binignit .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is the sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to the dish bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and has the native name of turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is bryning lane and they have 3180 members .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in serie a .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in 2014 - 15 and has 5000 members .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the coden code atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids ( journal ) is published .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir .
aenir was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the coden code for administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv and belongs to the family orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 1219 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has the location identifier viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres and a surface type of poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has the runway name , south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , was a crew member of apollo 11 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california . a smilodon was a fossil .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is a leader .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was 3xn . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 , and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the comic book character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic book character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
dan mishkin and ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( also known as ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome in italy . chili pepper is an ingredient .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome in italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . it is a dish from malaysia and java .
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states that contains bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and a variation is the blt . condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a type of dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region . one of the ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients in bhajji which comes from india .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are known as indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients in bhajji which comes from the karnataka region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the genus apium and the family apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico , which contains granola .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in 2014 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members . their ground is the estadio jorge calero suárez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for both runcorn fc halton and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united fc and stockport county fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town fc .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , in which azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek . az alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc were champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians live .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland is mario botta . it has 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is nurturing excellence .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
awh engineering college is located in mumbai , india . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the prime minister of romania is klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the baltic war and it ' s sequel 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion by eric flint is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
aip advances , published by american institute of physics , is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) was edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english , the language spoken in great britain , and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp was in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it has the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is in print and has 388 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar and has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 . its discipline is math .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 0965 - 2140 . it comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics , or am . j . math . , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sara miller mccune founded sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where lippincott williams & wilkins publishes the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . the airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain . enaire is the operating organisation for adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon on their aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon on their aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport . punjab is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and a runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where austin is the capital . english is spoken in texas and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of the town of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of poales and commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin and served as a test pilot . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on 23rd july 1927 and died in st louis on 28th february 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa , where asian south africans are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio which is governed by the cleveland city council .
the building of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the architecture style of the building is postmodern .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states , where susana mendoza is the leader .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where the leader is criona ni dhalaigh . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architects of the firm 3xn .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was built between 1927 and 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was built between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the architect of the alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia , united states . the hall was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and asilomar state beach .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states , which is part of new netherland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by labour politician john clancy .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states and paul ryan is one of the leaders .
bananaman first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 and starred tim brooke - taylor . it was created by steve bright .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of the dish arem - arem which is a dish of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course dish found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . it includes chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the bacon sandwich , a variation of the blt , is popular in the uk . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
the bacon sandwich , which contains brown sauce , is popular in the uk and is a variation of the blt . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
the bacon sandwich is popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from either france , the united states , hong kong or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . it is found in indonesia and is a variation of the siomay dish .
batagor , a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay , is found in indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow . the dish is found in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the people are known as indians and the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is a leader in india .
binignit is a type of dessert , as is a cookie . sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants , is one of its ingredients .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a dish from china and indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is the leader .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and celery is an ingredient .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish is from the singapore region , where tony tan is a leader .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county is to the west and carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
the fullname of a . c . chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . and their ground is in verona , italy . they played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a and have 39371 members .
italian born rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . the language spoken in greece is greek .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they played in the 2014 season and have 5300 members . their ground is located in italy .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they played in the 2014 season and have 5300 members . their home ground is stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio . their home ground is the stadio armando picchi and they played in serie b in 2014 - 15 . they have 19238 members .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk and is located in azerbaijan .
qarabag fk are champions of the azerbaijan premier league . azal pfk , who have 3500 members , play their home matches at the azal arena .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their nickname is asa gigante and the champions of the league are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . they played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions .
akron summit assault ( abbreviated to akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and is managed by denzil antonio . akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of the country is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has its ground at stadio olimpico . they play in the serie a league of which juventus fc have been champions .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has an academic staff of 100 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
david weber is the author of 1634 : the baltic war . the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk . the capital city of the uk is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is in print . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was followed by annie dunne and the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " addiction " and the lccn number 93645978 . it also has the issn number 1360 - 0443 . it comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math ) is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and comes under the academic discipline of math .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk where lippincott williams & wilkins publish the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . one of the ethnic groups in the us are the african americans .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in jones county , texas , united states . the airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . its icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17l / 35r . its runway length is 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . its icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17r / 35l . its runway length is 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is also the location of agra airport which has the location identifier viag .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is also the location of agra airport which has the native name of kheria air force station .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii on their transport aircrafts and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon on their aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers and the lockheed c - 130 hercules on their transport aircrafts .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers such as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level . the runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the inhabitants are called texans and the spanish language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital city is austin .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda and is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 feet .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton and is located in greenville , menasha , clayton , winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport in new zealand is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is elevated 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 1411 . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
turkmenistan airlines operate ashgabat international airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in ashgabat . the runway name is 12r / 30l and has a length of 2989 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . its icao location identifier is kacy and its runway name is 4 / 22 . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a length of 1873 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region . the leader of belgium is charles michel .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st louis .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in the uk , elizabeth ii is a leader and the currency is the pound sterling .
the building of 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , cost 110 million dollars , has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . it has 60 floors and rahm emanuel is the leader .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dáil éireann .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the tamil language is spoken . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the japanese .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and he is known as t . s . thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
californian born architect julia morgan designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . the baths have the romanesque revival style of architecture and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , which is lead by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is governed by the birmingham city council led by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . john roberts is the leader of the united states and the title of the leader is president of the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the language is english and the leader is known as the president . joe biden is a leader in the united states , where white americans are an ethnic group .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . baymax was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco ( also known as ajo blanco ) which is from the andalusia region of spain .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region of italy .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the language is indonesian and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the javanese dish arem - arem is a traditional dish .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians are the people who live there . the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . the leader of the community is ximo puig , spaniards are from spain and the leader is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are both ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia and malaysian indians are also an ethnic group from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served hot with sambal .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from indonesia and malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia . the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language of the united states and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska is a dish from france where french is spoken . hong kong is led by carrie lam and gerard larcher .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . lemon belongs to the order rosids and the family rutaceae .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international , can be found in france . the company was founded in chicago and the leader is gerard larcher . french is spoken in france .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the people of india are called indians . sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero . bionico is served as a dessert and a variation on dessert is cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . cake is also a dessert .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales in the county of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital is jakarta . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . english is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader . baduy are an ethnic group in java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where felipe vi is the leader and spaniards are the inhabitants . the currency of the country is the euro and the spanish language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is made of red granite and white marble . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . aek athens f . c . ' s manager is gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they have 17000 members and are managed by vica . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in the state of karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in the state of karnataka . its founder is kempe gowda and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the book the secret scriptures was published by faber and faber in ireland . the book a long long way was written in ireland and followed by the secret scriptures . white people are an ethnic group in ireland .
a long long way , published by faber and faber , was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture . ireland has white people as an ethnic group .
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which was followed by above the veil which was written by australians . the novel was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities . they publish administrative science quarterly and have the nickname cornell big red .
cornell university , nicknamed cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities in ithaca , new york .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group and english is the language of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders . the capital city is london and the language spoken is english .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids ( journal ) in the uk . the country is led by david cameron and elizabeth ii .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is a us national . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he retired on august 1st , 1974 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on july 21st , 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on apollo 11 . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is owned by the national park service . it is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is owned by the national park service . it is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
american alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders . joe biden is a united states leader .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 where he served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st louis .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and performed as a test pilot . he died on february 28th , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze and was designed by pietro canonica . it was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . ahmet davutolu is the leader of turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is made of red granite and white marble . baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is called the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is nurturing excellence . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
