jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport ' s runway name is 14l / 32r .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport ' s runway name is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11 / 29 .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport is located in auckland .
giorgos kaminis is the mayor of athens .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is the language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the flemish region is led by the flemish government .
greek is the language spoken in greece .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the port authority of new york and new jersey has its headquarters at four world trade center .
san sebastián de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
nasa is the operator of apollo 14 .
nasa is the operator of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see is a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve is the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
adare manor was built in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september 2013 .
the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are the mason school of business .
b . v . doshi is the architect of amdavad ni gufa .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham ' s postal code is the b postcode area .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
taro aso is the leader of japan .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international .
english is the language spoken in the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states .
the area code of abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
albany , georgia is led by a mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the state senate .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code of anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
ann arbor , michigan is led by the city administrator .
ann arbor , michigan has the title of mayor .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is 13 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california is lead by the 11th state assembly district .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
trenton is the capital of new jersey .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
marv wolfman created the comic character auron .
jack kirby created the comic character balder .
bananaman was broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is in the big hero 6 film series .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie is a child of kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award for comic books .
marv wolfman won the eagle award for comic books .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arrs negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado belongs to the genus persea .
ayam penyet is served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient of bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
chocolate is a variation of barny cakes .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein .
batchoy is from the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is in the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
the demonym of italy is italians .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon belongs to the order of rosids .
mexico ' s demonym is mexicans .
spanish is the language spoken in mexico .
arabic is the language spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in izmir .
the atatürk monument in izmir is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the 2014 - 15 season of lega pro .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s full name is " asociacion deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 season of a epsth greece .
afc blackpool has 1500 members .
the ground of a . f . c . fylde is the fylde .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
a . s . roma played in serie a in the 2014 - 15 season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica is the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015 .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago played for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium in athens is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are champions of the premier development league .
stuart parker is a footballer for bury fc .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 100 academic staff .
the campus of acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
andrew the apostle is the patron saint of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
a long long way has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a severed wasp was written by madeleine l ' engle .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica is in the academic discipline of mathematics .
the coden code of acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac .
addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
aenir has the oclc number 45644811 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv belongs to the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys ' notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is the leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
t s thakur is the leader of india where agra airport is located .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is 618 feet above sea level .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force , whose battles include operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin .
angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made from poaceae which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made from poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on 1 august 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where coloured people are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland and has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street is located in london where the leader is the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve is the architect of the 3arena which is located in north wall , dublin .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena which is located at east link bridge .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california and owns 3arena .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
the building of alan b . miller hall started on 30 march 2007 and is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is the tenant of alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located at 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
aurakles ( alternatively known as aurakles ) was created by len wein .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman stars bill oddie who was born in lancashire .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway who is an american .
sheldon moldoff created black pirate , also known as jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is from spain .
almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of lazio .
bandeja paisa is located in the antioquia department , colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem - arem which is from the region of indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomatoes , is from italy .
squid is an ingredient of arrs negre which is from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre which is from the region of the valencian community .
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is from java .
sausage is an ingredient of bacon explosion which is from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader .
bacon explosion is a main course and contains bacon .
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , and bacon muffin . bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from france , the united states or china .
baked alaska comes from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
bakewell pudding , which contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is a member of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which is a dish from the philippines .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where chinese filipinos are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is the leader .
gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit and banana is one of the main ingredients .
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit and the main ingredient is sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes which are from the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert .
honey is a variation of the dish bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert and bionico is a dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the atatürk monument in turkey was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack is dedicated to aethelwald , ealdorman of east anglia and is made from rock .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , where carpi fc 1909 are champions .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis have 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group league .
afc blackpool ' s manager is stuart parker who played football for runcorn f . c . halton .
afc blackpool ' s manager is stuart parker , a footballer who played for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in the fylde .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in the serie a league .
acf fiorentina play in the serie a league in italy .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax and plays for ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) play .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) have 5000 members and played in the topklasse in 2014 - 15 season .
azal arena is located in shuvalan and has the ground of azal pfk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and its full name is agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology which has its campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the official school colour of acharya institute of technology is blue , white and orange and was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . the arabian sea is to the west of the state .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e - book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the coden code atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance has 1174 pages and is available in print .
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was preceded by aenir and was written by australians .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir and castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science + business media , founded by julius springer .
administrative science quarterly is abbreviated to admin . sci . q . and has the coden code ascqag .
administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , which is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
hiv belongs to the family orthoretrovirinae and is part of the academic discipline of the aids journal .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language spoken .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , saranac lake and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and it is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is located in iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway length is 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force , who fought in the korean war and in the invasion of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force , who fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney . the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola . the runway length is 4000 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is owned by the flemish region . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , which is part of kimberly , wisconsin . appleton is part of little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order poales .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where alexis tsipras is the leader .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
poaceae is a class of monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids . it is the surface type of the 2nd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 , operated by nasa and led by david scott .
alan shepard died on the 21st of july 1998 in california , where dianne feinstein is one of the senators .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is the alternative name for buzz aldrin who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he spent 52 minutes in space and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . smilodon is a fossil .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and the leader is cyril ramaphosa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader . coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , where rahm emanuel is the leader .
3arena , designed by hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin .
3arena , designed by populous , was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland .
3xn designed the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the tenant of the hotel is marriott international .
adare manor , designed by james pain , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a height of 42 m .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka . it has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall in virginia . the building started on 30 march 2007 .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary , where the chancellor is robert gates .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia , united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the building started on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital in ampara district , sri lanka has 476 beds .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was constructed in 1911 and is located on u . s . route 83 . it was added to the national register of historic places on the 22nd of november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located at asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , which is part of manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where the leader is t s thakur and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and american karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco and is from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla and joko widodo are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella and the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome , italy . chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from the region of rome , italy .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which comes from the region of malaysia and java .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage and bacon . it comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt . it comes from the united kingdom .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from france and new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from new york , united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is a variation of baked alaska .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . sandesh is a confectionery dish .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes are from france where the leader is gerard larcher and the leader is claude bartolone .
apple is a variation of barny cakes which contain 18 . 0 g of carbs and 1 . 8 g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . it comes from india .
bhajji is a dish from india where the demonym is indian people and the leader is t s thakur .
bhajji originates from india , where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . it comes from the karnataka region .
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit which is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert from mexico .
bionico is from the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and belongs to the genus apium . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert . cake is a variation of this dish .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy is an ethnic group in java .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where banyumasan people are an ethnic group . it can also be found nationwide in malaysia and singapore .
arros negre is from spain where the leader is felipe vi and the language is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county is west of adams county and frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial ' s native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro / a league in 2014 and has 4150 members .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " isidro metapan " , it has 10000 members and its ground is estadio jorge calero suarez .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece where nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
afc blackpool ' s manager is stuart parker who played football for drogheda united fc and runcorn f . c . halton .
afc blackpool ' s manager is stuart parker who played football for drogheda united fc and stockport county fc .
stuart parker is a footballer who has played for kv mechelen and irlam town fc . he is the manager of afc blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ' s full name is association football club fylde and they have 3180 members . their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s manager is christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f . c .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . is the full name of a . s . roma who have 70634 members and their ground is in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the hoofdklasse league in the 2014 season .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena and they play in the azerbaijan premier league , where qarabag fk are champions .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and they played in the 2014 season . they have 17023 members .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions . their ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil , where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and is in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader . the people of italy are called italians .
the olympic stadium is located in athens , where the mayor is giorgos kaminis and the ground of aek athens f . c . is located .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and its dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india .
the acharya institute of technology , established in 2000 , offers tennis , whose governing body is the international tennis federation .
awh engineering college is located in india , where the largest city is mumbai and the ganges is a river .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the prime minister is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the patron saint is andrew the apostle and the latin name is universitas apulensis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print . the isbn number is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint was born in burbank , california . he wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an e - book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce et al . and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is in the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the issn number 1558 - 2868 and is part of the academic discipline of computer science .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
aip advances , edited by a . t . charlie johnson , is published by the american institute of physics . a . t . charlie johnson is a resident of the united states .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code of aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was followed by the secret scripture and written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp was classified ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 and has the oclc number 8805735 . it is available in print .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written in australia and was preceded by aenir and castle .
acta mathematica hungarica , abbreviated to acta math . hungar . , has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) is in the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and is part of the academic discipline of mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sara miller mccune was the founder of sage publications , which publishes the administrative science quarterly , abbreviated to admin . sci . q .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas , united states . its runway length is 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force used the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon as an aircraft fighter . the united states bombed libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon as an aircraft fighter in the battles of operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter in the battles of operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force is involved in the invasion of grenada and has the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon as an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport . the provincial assembly of the punjab is the leader of punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and serves the city of alpena .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . its runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan and its length is 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and english is spoken . the demonym for texas is tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . english is the language spoken in texas and the demonym for texan is texan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . spanish is spoken in texas and the demonym for texan is texan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin which is part of menasha town and dale , wisconsin . the airport serves the city of appleton .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and is classed as monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 metres above sea level and its runway name is 03r / 21l . it has a length of 597 and a surface type of poaceae .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and is a flowering plant .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 , operated by nasa and led by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and retired on august 1st 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and led by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was a test pilot who graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 which was led by frank borman and buzz aldrin as a backup pilot . he retired on 1st september 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and the leader is cyril ramaphosa . asian south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa . the capital of south africa is cape town and the ethnic groups are asian south africans and white south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was designed in the postmodern style and was completed in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
3arena , owned by live nation entertainment , is located in dublin , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland . it is owned by live nation entertainment and the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and it has 23 floors and is tenanted by marriott international . the architect of the hotel is 3xn .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and started construction in 1927 . the building style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and started construction in 1927 . the building style of adisham hall is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan . filipinos are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in virginia , united states . the architect of alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern .
the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall in virginia , completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
t s thakur is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds . she designed the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar state beach building .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar conference grounds . she also designed the riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city and new netherland is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who is a labour politician from birmingham . the postcode area of birmingham is b .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome . addis ababa stadium is part of addis ababa .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is president paul ryan .
tim brooke - taylor stars in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and puerto rican national ernie colon .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a variation of lemper and comes from the javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
the main ingredient of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is a popular main course in indonesia , but more specific to java .
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome , italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian malay and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt and is popular in the uk . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it is also a variation of the blt .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it can be found in france , the united states or china and can be found in paris , new york or hong kong .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it can be found in paris , new york or hong kong , in the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane . it comes from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry and is from the derbyshire dales region .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain patacones , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , morcilla , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shumai is a variation of siomay and batagor which is from indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore , where halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders of india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji is a dish from india .
bhajji is a dish from india where the demonym is indian people and the leader is t s thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where t s thakur is the leader and vajubhai vala is the leader .
sweet potato is a member of the order solanales and is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a variation of binignit .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the capital is jakarta . bakso is a traditional dish from china .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the dish bakso is from and contains celery .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is matteo renzi . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where halimah yacob is the leader . it comes from the country of java , where baduy is an ethnic group .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is the leader . banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the moro people are an ethnic group and the language spoken is philippine spanish .
arros negre is a traditional dish from spain where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi . spaniards are one of the ethnic groups of spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . the county is southeast of carroll county , maryland and north of cumberland county .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and carroll county , maryland to its southeast . it is categorised as a contributing property .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . is the full name of a . c . chievo verona who played in serie a in 2014 - 15 and has 39371 members . their ground is in verona , italy .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and has been manager of a . c . lumezzane . he played for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece where alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders . greek is the language spoken in greece .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl and they have 5300 members . they played in the 2014 season and their ground is located in italy .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl and they played in the 2014 season . their ground is stadio pietro barbetti and they have 5300 members .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their ground is stadio armando picchi and they played in serie b in 2014 - 15 .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . is the full name of a . s . roma who have 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league where qarabag fk are champions .
azal pfk has 3500 members and their ground is the azal arena . they play in the azerbaijan premier league , where qarabag fk are champions .
robert eenhoorn is the owner of az alkmaar which is managed by john van den brom who is in the afc ajax club . he also plays for istanbulspor a . s .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league . their nickname is " asa gigante " .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
akron summit assault , full name akron metro futbol club summit assault , has 3000 members and is managed by denzil antonio . they played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . italian is the language spoken in italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the official language is italian . the capital of italy is rome and the country is the location of the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . is the full name of a . s . roma who play in the serie a league where juventus fc are champions . their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has 100 academic staff and its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology which was established in 2000 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the ethnic group is the germans of romania . the leader of romania is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by david weber and was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war . it was followed by ring of fire ii which was written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available as an e - book . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins and is published in the united kingdom . the capital of the country is london and the leader of the country is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print . it has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way , published by viking press , was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is classified as ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 and is available in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and the lccn number 93645978 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and published administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published bimonthly and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where english is the language spoken .
a severed wasp is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken in great britain .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins and is published in the united kingdom , where david cameron is the leader and elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language spoken in great britain and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states . its runway length is 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier is kabi and the runway name is 17l / 35r . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier is kabi and the runway name is 17r / 35l . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and its runway name is 14l / 32r . it has a length of 4349 . 0 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the icao location identifier for agra airport is viag .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station and its leader is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft . the united states air force also used the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon as an aircraft fighter in the united states invasion of panama .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force has the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter . they also have the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft . the united states air force was involved in the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 was used as an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules was used as a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 was used as an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii was used as a transport aircraft .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and serves the city of lahore .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport ' s runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . austin is the capital of texas and the demonym for texan is texan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province . it is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of icolo e bengo .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . the airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway named 3 / 21 which is 2439 metres long .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of menasha town , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand . it is 34 metres above sea level and its runway name is 03r / 21l . it has a length of 1411 . 0 and a surface type of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is operated by turkmenistan airlines . the airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 12r / 30l and a runway length of 2989 . 0 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier kacy . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the flemish region is governed by the flemish government . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york , united states . the city is part of harrietstown , new york .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and died in california on july 21st 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member on apollo 14 which was operated by nasa in 1959 . he has passed away .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . he was a backup pilot for alfred worden and spent 100305 minutes in space . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference . the president of the university of texas at austin is gregory l . fenves .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on 1st september 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and the currency is the pound sterling . boris johnson is the leader of the uk and elizabeth ii is the leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . the building started in january 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors . it cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel and it has 60 floors .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dail eireann .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and was completed in 1927 . the building style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian . the address of adisham hall is st . benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the ethnic group is the japanese people .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the leader of gujarat , where the legislative assembly is the leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . t s thakur is the leader of gujarat , india .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader and austin fernando is the leader . it has 476 beds .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and chinatown san francisco .
the asilomar conference grounds in pacific grove , california was constructed in 1913 and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . the building was designed in the arts and crafts movement style .
the asser levy public baths are located at 23rd street , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is lead by gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode area . birmingham ' s governing body is birmingham city council and its leader is andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium , addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is john roberts and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is joe biden and the language is english . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is the president .
bananaman was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor . it first aired on the bbc on october 3rd 1983 and was last aired on april 15th 1986 .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle . the character was in big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is from the andalusia region of spain . its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian . the country is the location of arem - arem which is a javanese dish .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
arrs negre is a dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the leader of spain is ximo puig and the demonym for spaniards is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the ethnic group is the malaysian chinese .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and is served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia , indonesia . its main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the ethnic group of malaysia is malaysian chinese .
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
baked alaska is a dish from france where french is spoken and carrie lam is a politician . the country is also home to france where gerard larcher is a leader .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family and is a member of the genus citrus .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . lemon belongs to the rosids order and belongs to the rutaceae family .
claude bartolone is the leader of france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes contain sponge cake .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago and is based in france where the leader is gerard larcher and french is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the country is led by tony tan and halimah yacob . english is spoken in singapore .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji bajji .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is sumitra mahajan and the people of india are called indians .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero and it is served as a dessert . a variation of the dish is cake .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert . it comes from the guadalajara region and is a variation of cake .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is in the county of derbyshire . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the capital city is jakarta . bakso is a dish from indonesia .
amatriciana sauce is from italy , where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . the leader of italy is matteo renzi and sergio mattarella .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob and the ethnic group baduy is baduy . english is the language spoken in singapore .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the official language is philippine english and the ilocano people are an ethnic group . arabic is spoken in the philippines and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and halimah yacob is also a leader in the country . english is spoken in singapore .
ajoblanco is a dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi and the demonym is spaniards . spanish is spoken in spain and the currency is the euro .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county is to the west of adams county and cumberland county is to the north . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is a leader . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is named turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is made of red granite and white marble . the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of the country .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who played football for kv mechelen and chesterfield fc .
aek athens f . c . are in the superleague greece league , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . and their manager is gus poyet . he has played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the ground of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is located in alagoas . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the club has 17000 members and its manager is vica . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . the dean of the accademia is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and is located in bangalore . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , which was founded by kempe gowda i . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was published by faber and faber in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group . it was followed by the secret scripture .
a long long way , published by faber and faber , was preceded by annie dunne and was followed by the secret scripture . ireland has an ethnic group of white people .
the novel into battle was followed by the violet keystone . above the veil was written in australia and was preceded by aenir and castle .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the nickname of cornell university is cornell big red .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the nickname of cornell university is cornell big red .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken in great britain . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and english is the language spoken . david cameron is the leader of the country and elizabeth ii is the leader .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii and david cameron is the leader .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 , operated by nasa and led by david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he died in california on august 1st 1974 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the american defense service ribbon . svg . he died on july 21 , 1998 in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is also known as edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 where william anders was a backup pilot .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he was a united states national who died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the apollo 8 crew . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the atatürk monument , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . it is made of bronze and was designed by pietro canonica .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is named turk sehitleri aniti . the prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . it is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the monument is owned by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . it is owned by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy .
the all india council for technical education ( located in mumbai ) has given the acharya institute of technology the ' technical campus ' status . the institute is located in karnataka , which has the arabian sea to its west . tennis is a sport offered by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and offers tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . he is also known as edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and was led by joe biden . the backup pilot of apollo 11 was william anders .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 11 . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot and died in st louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county and cumberland county to the north .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the prime minister is the leader of azerbaijan and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it has 700 postgraduate students and was established in 2000 .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff and the largest city in india is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india . kerala has mahe to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te romane ! and its capital is bucharest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
