the leader of aarhus is jacob bundsgaard .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas has its county seat in andrews .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see performed as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the construction of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
b v doshi was the architect of amdavad ni gufa .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
the postal code of birmingham is b .
chicago is part of du page county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language spoken in the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene , texas is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is located within the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the albuquerque city council .
amarillo texas is located in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 metres above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcasted by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in the comics genre .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is from the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient of batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 .
the fullname of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma were in the 2014 – 15 serie a season .
frank de boer manages afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university has the nickname cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport , san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t s thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in alcobendas , madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport and is headquartered at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead via the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states which is lead by barack obama .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high .
adisham hall has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean and is located in haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
alan b . miller hall , located at 101 ukrop way , began construction on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as ' ' aurakles ' ' , was created by len wein .
the comic character , ballistic , has the alternative name , kelvin mao and was created by doug moench .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia that contains banana leaf .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre contains squid and is from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and is from java .
sausage is an ingredient of bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course and includes bacon as an ingredient .
the bacon sandwich , which has bread as an ingredient , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are both desserts .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry .
lemon is from the citrus genus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino is an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader .
bhajji come from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which contains gram flour .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is the sweet potato which is part of the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are both types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument ( zmir ) in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesana play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages afc ajax and plays for ajax youth academy .
afc ajax n . v . owns afc ajax which has 53502 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season and have 5000 members .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the official school colours of the acharya institute of technology are blue , white and orange and it was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
acm transactions on information systems has the abbreviation of acm trans . inf . syst and the coden code atiset .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and written by australians .
above the veil is written in english and follows the book aenir .
above the veil was preceded by the novel aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science + business media , founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of " ascqag " .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the family orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and its 1st runway is made from poaceae . it has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 feet .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 feet .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has the runway name " south runway " .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on july 21 , 1998 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where the smilodon is a fossil .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town and the leader is cyril ramaphosa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was 3xn and the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the hall ' s construction began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and karl kesel , an american .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic book character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
ernie colón and dan mishkin created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternatively called ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the italian language is spoken .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy and includes garlic as an ingredient .
arros negre contains squid and is from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . it is a dish from malaysia and java .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and it comes from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches which are popular in the uk and a variation of a blt is a bacon sandwich .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york and france .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are both desserts . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 grams of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish from the region of indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji come from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and is found in the region of jalisco , mexico .
celery is from the genus apium and the family of apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert . a variation of dessert is cake .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore and java ( home of the baduy ) .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java , where ayam penyet can be found . it is made nationwide and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where felipe vi is the leader and the spanish language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suárez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for both runcorn fc halton and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both stockport county fc and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar who have 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , the champions of which are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions of .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and led by sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland is mario botta . it has 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the governing tennis body is the international tennis federation .
awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and one of the rivers is the ganges .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of the country is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " and is available in print form .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances published by the american institute of physics .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has aaidbi as its coden code .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english , the language spoken in great britain , and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp is in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is in print and has 388 pages and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) discipline is math and its issn number is " 0236 - 5294 " .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of math and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications founded by sara miller mccune publishes the administrative science quarterly which is abbreviated to admin . sci . q .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . it has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is in the city of madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts , general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighters and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . the usaf fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority based at jinnah international airport . punjab is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and a runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano . english is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , in the united states . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction in the flemish region . the flemish region is located in belgium .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales and the order commelinids . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 commanded by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 mission .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot and died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , which was once part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 and died in st louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . cyril ramaphosa is one of the leaders of south africa , and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups there .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio which is governed by the cleveland city council .
construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
3arena in dublin , republic of ireland is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena in dublin , republic of ireland is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors . the hotel is located in denmark .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architectural firm 3xn .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " . it is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language is tamil .
construction of adisham hall , sri lanka , in the tudor revival style , began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states which was designed by robert a m stern .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 in virginia , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
san francisco born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building and asilomar state beach .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city and new netherland is part of new york city .
labour politician , john clancy is the leader of birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' . it is the hometown of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states and paul ryan is it ' s leader .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
ernie colon , a puerto rican national , and dan mishkin created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a dish of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course dish from indonesia , but more specific to java . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome , italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas is also known as asam padeh and originates from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malay are an ethnic group from malaysia and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich , comes from the united kingdom . other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich , comes from the united kingdom and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska , which can be found in hong kong , new york and paris . the dish comes from either france , the united states or china .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are main ingredients in baked alaska , which comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane . it comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . it includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . it is found in indonesia and is a variation of siomay .
batagor is a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay and is found in indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow . it is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of karnataka are t s thakur and vajubhai vala .
a cookie is a dessert , as is binignit , which contains sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . it includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a dish from china and indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is the leader .
bakso contains celery and comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , the capital of which is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java and the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where felipe vi is the leader and spaniards are the ethnic group . spain uses the euro for its currency .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . franklin county is to the west and carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade and governed by the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to a . c . chievo verona ) has 39371 members and play in verona , italy .
italian born rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the greek language is spoken . the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and their ground is located in italy . they competed in the 2014 season .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is called stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio . they have 19238 members and their ground is the stadio armando picchi . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena which is located in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
qaraba fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk , which has 3500 members .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in this league and their nickname is asa gigante .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league and competed in the 2015 event . vila nova futebol clube were champions at the league .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and are managed by denzil antonio . they played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions of .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of the country is sergio mattarella and the spoken language is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus fc are former champions of serie a in which as roma also play . as roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has an academic staff of 100 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war which was written by david weber . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is in print with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is in print with the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has an oclc number of 8805735 and an isbn number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 as well as the oclc number of 318875313 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has an issn number of 1360 - 0443 and an lccn number of 93645978 .
cornell university , ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has an issn number of 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of math and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 . it was first published in 1878 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press which is based in the united states . in this country they speak english , same as in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s where the native americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken as it is in great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk where lippincott , williams & wilkins publishes the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken as it is in great britain .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is president and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in jones county , texas , united states . the airport has a runway length of 2 , 194 .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of kabi and the runway name is 17l / 35r . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of kabi and the runway name is 17r / 35l . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 4349 metres long . it is 610 metres above sea level .
agra airport has the icao location identifier viag and is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the local name for the airport is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama . the usaf deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the korean war and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in that state .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 feet .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton and is located in greenville , part of menasha , in clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand which is 34 meters above sea level . it has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and a runway length of 1411 . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 metres . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . it is 23 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kacy . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he died in california on july 21 , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18 , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on 1 september 1969 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 alongside commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , and elizabeth ii is a leader . the currency of the uk is the pound sterling .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , du page county , illinois , united states . chicago ' s leader is rahm emanuel .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is dáil éireann .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the language is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and one of the ethnic groups found in the country are the japanese .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the prime minister of india and the leader of gujarat is known as the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe . austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is part of new york city and its leader is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' . the governing body of birmingham is the city council lead by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the language is english and the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and john roberts is one of the leaders .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the primary language and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . joe biden is a leader of the united states and the title of the leader is president of the united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by john geering . it was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region of italy .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the language is indonesian and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . it is also where arem - arem , a javanese dish , originates from .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians live . the capital city is rome and the spoken language is italian .
ximo puig is a leader in the valencian community , spain , where arros negre comes from . the leader of the spaniards is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are ethnic groups from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia and malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are ethnic groups from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c . english is spoken in the us .
baked alaska is from the country of france where the french language is spoken . hong kong is led by carrie lam and gerard larcher .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . bakewell pudding is a variation of a bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon , which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where they speak french and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , where the leaders are vajubhai vala and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indians .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero . bionico is served as a dessert course and a variation on dessert is cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and a variation on dessert is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales in the county of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and jakarta is the capital . indonesian is the language spoken in the country and the leader is jusuf kalla .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and english is spoken there . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore , where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where felipe vi is the leader and the currency is the euro . the people of spain are called spaniards and the spanish language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has represented the club kv mechelen and chesterfield football club .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . aek athens f . c . ' s manager is gus poyet , who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which was won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , managed by vica , has 17000 members .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996 . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and was founded by kempe gowda . to the west of the city is the arabian sea .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the book the secret scriptures , published by faber and faber in ireland , is the sequel to the book " a long long way " . ireland has an ethnic group called white people .
annie dunne preceded a long long way which was followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber . a long long way comes from ireland where white people live .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . english is spoken in the us and great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk where the capital city is london . the leader of the uk is david cameron and the language spoken is english . elizabeth ii is also a leader in the uk .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins , parented by wolters kluwer . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . it is written in english which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in the us and great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he later died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on july 21 , 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission along with backup pilot william anders .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the monument is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is owned by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument was provided by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bsc . he was a test pilot and a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was a test pilot who was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18 , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . his real name is edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a member of nasa ' s apollo 11 crew along with backup pilot william anders . joe biden is a united states leader .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and later became a test pilot . he died on feb 28 , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . cumberland county , pennsylvania is to the north of adams county and carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is located in turkey and was designed by pietro canonica . the monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan ' s capital baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
