jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1 , 533 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas county seat is andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
the apollo 14 mission was operated by nasa .
the apollo 8 operator is nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see performed as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
the building at 20 fenchurch street was started to be erected in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa was designed by the architect b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area " b " .
chicago is part of du page county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the leader of japan is tar as .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital city of the united kingdom .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is located within the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque city council leads albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
657 is the area code for anaheim , california .
anderson , indiana , is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
city administrator is the leader title in ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 metres above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic book character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema has won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award ( comics ) .
ajo blanco is also known as ajoblanco .
the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem originates from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be chocolate flavoured .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians are the people who live in italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon comes from the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
ac lumezzane played the 2014 - 15 season in the lega pro .
the fullname of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis competed in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is called the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
as livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodrguez club is a . d . isidro metapán .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
the premier development league champions are k - w united fc .
stuart parker ( footballer ) played for bury fc .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is published in english .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
the administrative science quarterly has a lccn number of 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work of john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport which is located in san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india , where t s thakur is a leader .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force was involved in the invasion of panama and operates the al asad airbase .
adolfo suárez madrid barajas airport is in alcobendas , madrid .
the alderney airport has a runway length of 877 metres and its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority , who govern allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae , which is of the order poales .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard , who served as a crew member of apollo 14 , retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and his occupation was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead via the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , which leader is barack obama .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at north wall , dublin .
3arena at east link bridge is owned by live nation entertainment .
the owner of 3arena is live nation entertainment which is based in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres .
adisham hall , located in haputale , sri lanka , has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka , where the language spoken is the tamil language .
alan b . miller hall ' s building start date was in 30th march 2007 , and it is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall , which is located in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat which is the location of amdavad ni gufa .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles ( alternative name aurakles ) was created by len wein .
doug moench created the comic character ballistic who has the alternative name kelvin mao .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
bill oddie , who starred in bananaman , was born in lancashire .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem arem contains banana leaf and originates from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where rome is the capital .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and comes from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the javan dish of ayam penyet .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course and contains bacon .
the bacon sandwich , which has bread as an ingredient , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell , using ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has shortcrust pastry as an ingredient .
lemon is part of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
beef kway teow comes from the singapore region where the leader is tony tan .
bhajji come from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses gram flour .
binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and banana .
binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is an ingredient of binignit .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is the sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico , which is served at the dessert course .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument in izmir , turkey , is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku are commemorated by the baku turkish martyrs memorial made of red granite and white marble .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made from red granite and white marble , is turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesana play in serie b , carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of that league .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is called the fylde and the club has 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax n . v . owns afc ajax which has 53502 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in shuvalan .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of the ground of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense and is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the all india council for technical education granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange .
the sport of tennis , governed by the international tennis federation , is offered at the acharya institute of technology .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids journal is from .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press which is based in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the coden code for administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , was written by garth nix .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv , which is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
the 14l / 32r runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid has a length of 4100 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag . the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres . the 1st runway is made from poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3500 and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway named south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of kimberly and little chute .
appleton international airport can be found in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales .
ashgabat international airport in ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin ( alternatively known as edwin e . aldrin jr . ) was a crew member of apollo 11 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california . a smilodon fossil was found there .
elliot see joined nasa in 1962 and died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see , deceased , was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas .
william anders ( born in british hong kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and coloured people are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in dublin .
the 3arena in dublin was completed in december 2008 and the architect was the company populous .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was 3xn and the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of the adare manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 , has 3 floors and a total floor area of 3746 . 66 ( square metres ) .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
alan b . miller hall , virginia , which is owned by the college of william and mary , began construction on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia which began construction on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on asser levy place and east 23rd street . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic book character auron was created by walt simonson and karl kesel , an american .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcasts bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo ( full name bibbo ) bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic book character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
ernie colón and dan mishkin created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco contains water and is from andalusia in spain .
arem arem originates from the country of indonesia where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the language spoken .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region of italy and includes garlic as an ingredient .
arros negre contains squid among its ingredients and is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is from java and found in malaysia .
sausage is a main ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and john roberts is a leader .
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches and a variation is the blt . the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from both the country of france and the region of new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert , as is baked alaska which contains christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the antioquia department region and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes can be found in france where two of the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes can be made with apple . they contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 grams of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the currency is the singapore dollar .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of indonesia and is made in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people who live there are called indians .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
celery is from the genus apium and the family apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a dish served for dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region and java ( home of the baduy people ) .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java where ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku is located .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez and has 10000 members . their full name is isidro metapan .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at runcorn fc halton but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he was at stockport county fc and was at drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and is attached to irlam town football club .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault , who play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader of the italian people .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland is mario botta and there are 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and one of the rivers is the ganges .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the prime minister of romania is klaus johannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " and is available in print form .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion by eric flint is 512 pages long and can be found as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the issn number 1558 - 2868 and is part of the academic discipline of computer science .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
aip advances , published by american institute of physics , is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
the novel a long long way , followed by the secret scripture , was written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp , available in print has the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and has 388 pages .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) covers the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated " addiction " , about addiction , has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics issn number 1080 - 6377 is also known as am . j . math . and comes under the discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications founded by sara miller mccune publishes the administrative science quarterly which is abbreviated to admin . sci . q .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the language used is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . it has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is in the city of madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft as well as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . the pakistan civil aviation authority has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol which serves the city of amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and a runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is spoken in texas and the local inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , in the united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym texan .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city and austin is the capital .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction there .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2 , 349 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae is of the order poales , in the class monocotyledon , and belongs to the order of commelinids .
ardmore airport in new zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . its runway length is 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . enaire is located in madrid , spain .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a member of nasa ' s apollo 12 crew under commander david scott . bean is an american .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot before passing away in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot who died in st . louis on the 28th of february , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see died in st louis on 28 february 1966 . he was born in dallas on 23 july 1927 .
william anders retired on the 1st of september 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital . cyril ramaphosa is one of its leaders and asian south africans are one of its ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , cape town , and asian south africans and white south africans are ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio which is governed by the cleveland city council .
construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the building has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where the leader is susana mendoza .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where crona n dhálaigh was lord mayor . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where crona n dhálaigh was lord mayor . the owner of 3arena is live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is bella center and it has 23 floors . it was designed by architects 3xn and its tenant is marriott international .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in sri lanka in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where the tamil language is spoken .
construction of adisham hall , sri lanka , began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . the hall ' s style of architecture is tudor revival .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia which was designed by robert a m stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and they are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . alan b miller hall was completed on 1st june 2009 and is located in virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . t s thakur is the leader of india .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency used in the country is the ski lankan rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of asilomar state beach , the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar conference grounds .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and the asilomar conference .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is one part of new york city , which was part of new netherland .
labour politician , john clancy is the leader of birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' and is the hometown of architect , john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa city hall and the addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american duncan rouleau . damon wayans , jr . starred in the film big hero 6 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american duncan rouleau .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american duncan rouleau . maya rudolph starred in the film big hero 6 .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain . its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of the dish arem - arem which is a dish of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java , and is served as a main course . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . it is also known as asam padeh .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . it is also found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are a variation of the blt . other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients in baked alaska , which can be found in hong kong , new york and paris and is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients in baked alaska , which is from the united states and can be found in hong kong , new york and paris .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . it comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . it includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs as its main ingredients .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor comes from indonesia and is a variation of siomay . it includes a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay and contains shiitake mushrooms .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia and singapore . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are known as indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . two leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is an indian leader .
cookies and binignit are both desserts . one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico comes from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is made in china and found in indonesia . the capital of indonesia is jakarta and its leader is jusuf kalla .
bakso contains celery and comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , the capital city of which is rome . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . tony tan is the leader of singapore and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group , the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi .
the municipality of gettysburg is in adams county , pennsylvania which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . adams county is south of cumberland county and northwest of carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , which falls under the category of contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county has franklin county to its west and carrol county maryland to its southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . the memorial can be found in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial made of red granite and white marble is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku is located .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a . their full name is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l .
italian born rolando maran plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for both torino f . c . and fc bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where they speak greek . the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . it competed in the 2014 season and has 5300 members . their ground is located in italy .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . it played in the 2014 season . its home ground is stadio pietro barbetti and it has 5300 members .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio . their home ground is the stadio armando picchi , they played the 2014 - 15 season in serie b and have 19238 members .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . , or a . s roma for short , has a ground in rome and 70634 members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
qaraba fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league and have the nickname asa gigante . previous champions of the league have been vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league and competed in the 2015 event . vila nova futebol clube are the champions of série c .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and are in the 2011 pdl season . the manager of akron summit assault is denzil antonio .
akron summit assault play in the premier development league in which k - w united fc were champions . their ground is located in akron , ohio , in the united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus fc are former champions of serie a in which as roma also play . their full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the city of mendrisio . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its leader is klaus johannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war ( written by david weber ) and followed by ring of fire ii ( written in english ) .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was published as an e book . it has 512 pages and the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones is in print with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is published in hardcover . it has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , about addiction , has a lccn number of 93645978 and an issn number of 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university , ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the capital city is washington d . c .
the american journal of mathematics issn number 1080 - 6377 is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and is published bimonthly .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and comes under the discipline of math .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of both the us and great britain is english .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the u . s . and great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk where lippincott williams & wilkins publish the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level . it has the runway name 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 . 0 . and the icao location identifier is kabi .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level . it has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway , which is 2194 . 0 in length , is named 17r / 35l .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14l / 32r which is 4349 metres long .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which is known locally as kheria air force station .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city , austin is the capital and spanish is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . houston is the largest city in texas where the capital city is austin . the inhabitants of texas have the demonym texan .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level . the runway , which is named 3 / 21 , measures a length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton in greenville , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand which is 34 meters above sea level . it has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and has a length of 1411 . the runway is named 03r / 21l .
turkmenistan airlines operate ashgabat international airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in ashgabat . it has a runway length of 2989 . 0 and 12r / 30l is the runway name .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . its icao location identifier is kacy and its runway name is 4 / 22 . it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard died on 21 july 1998 in california . he was born on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot and he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competed in the big 12 conference in austin . gregory l . fenves is the appointed president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on the 1st of september 1969 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located within the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , while elizabeth ii is a leader within the united kingdom , where the currency is the pound sterling .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . it has 60 floors and its leader is rahm emanuel .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . dáil éireann is a leader in dublin .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the language is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe , its capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and its currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and the japanese are an ethnic group found in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and one of india ' s leaders is narendra modi .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco , the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located in pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan . they were constructed in 1904 and are in the architectural sytle of romanesque revival architecture . they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , which is lead by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b and it is led by andrew mitchell with the birmingham city council as its governing body .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language , and one of the ethnic groups is african american . john roberts is a leader in the united states , where the title of the leader is president of the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language , and white americans are an ethnic group . joe biden is a leader in the united states , where the title of the leader is president of the united states .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain . its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil . ajo blanco is an alternative name of ajoblanco .
amatriciana is a sauce from lazio , italy . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine found in indonesia . indonesia ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and italians live . rome is the capital of italy , where italian is the language spoken .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . the leader of the community of valencia is ximo puig and the leader of the country is felipe vi . spaniards are the inhabitants of spain .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia , the country where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups in the country and the country ' s ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the malaysian chinese .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . ayam penyet should be served hot .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is from indonesia and malaysia ( home of the malaysian chinese ) . the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc and english is the language . barack obama is the leader of the us and native americans are an ethnic group there .
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is spoken . hong kong is led by carrie lam and gerard larcher .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for bakewell pudding , a variation of which is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes made with sponge come from france . the leaders of france are gerard larcher and claude bartolone and the national language is french .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international , can be found in france . the company was founded in chicago . the leader of france is gérard larcher and the language spoken there is french .
tony tan and halimah yacob are both leaders in singapore , a country where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and also found in indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the country is lead by sumitra mahajan and the people are called indians .
bionico is found in the jalisco region of mexico . it is served as a dessert course and a variation on dessert is cake . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . it is a variation on cake . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the county of derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . this community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding , the bakewell tart , which has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . the frangipane - based bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader , jakarta is the capital and indonesian is the language spoken .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are italian leaders in italy . the capital city is rome and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce there .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and english is spoken there . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language but arabic is also spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the spaniards are from . the country ' s currency is the euro and the language spoken is spanish . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county is to the west , cumberland county is to the north and carroll county maryland is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku are commemorated by the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has represented kv mechelen fc and chesterfield fc .
gus poyet played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . he now manages aek athens fc who compete in the superleague greece . previous champions of the league are olympiacos fc .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which was won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and the current champions are vila nova futebol clube .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , managed by vica , has 17000 members and play in the league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
johann schneider - ammann is the leader of switzerland where the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino . the accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students .
kempe gowda is the founder of bangalore which is the location of the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka which is west of the arabian sea . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people live , and was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber .
annie dunne preceded a long long way , which comes from ireland , where white people live , and was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the capital city is washington dc . english is the language of the united states and also of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders . the capital city is london and the english language is spoken .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom . the aids ( journal ) is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader . a severed wasp is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is native americans . the language of the united states is english which is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard is an american born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died on the 21st of july 1998 in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
fighter pilot buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated in turkey on 27 july 1932 in izmir . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield in the county . the battlefield is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 which is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument was provided by the national park service .
the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 and categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument was provided by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the state of karnataka has the arabian sea to the west and is the location of the acharya institute of technology . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus johannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
alan shepard is an american born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he served as a test pilot before passing away in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . buzz aldrin was a member of nasa ' s apollo 11 crew , along with backup pilot william anders . joe biden is a united states leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission along with backup pilot william anders .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and then went on to become a test pilot . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated in turkey on 27 july 1932 in izmir . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , and governed by the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its prime minister is klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! . ethnically the country is largely germanic .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
