the leader of aarhus is jacob bundsgaard .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
the capital of denmark is copenhagen .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see was a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
b v doshi was the architect of amdavad ni gufa .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
the postal code of birmingham is b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader of the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
the total area of albany , oregon is 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is located within the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code of anaheim , california , is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
the leader of ann arbor , michigan is called the mayor .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie starred in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in the comics genre .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient of bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient of batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a type of dessert .
ice cream is a type of dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans inhabit mexico .
spanish is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
as livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer manages afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago played for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
the administrative science quarterly has a lccn number of 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport , is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and is operated by the schiphol group .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves appleton , wisconsin which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the poales order .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3800 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead via the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
addis ababa city hall is 42 metres high and the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the language is tamil .
the alan b . miller hall was started to be built on 30 march 2007 and is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as ' ' aurakles ' ' , was created by len wein .
the comic character , ballistic , has the alternative name , kelvin mao , and was created by doug moench .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , is broadcast by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem arem which comes from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where rome is the capital .
tomatoes are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre which is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
john roberts is a leader in the united states where the bacon explosion comes from .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is served as a main course .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
cookies and baked alaska are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell , and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is from the citrus genus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which contains gram flour .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato .
binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is an ingredient of binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes which are of the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument ( zmir ) in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is the fylde .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
as roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax is owned by afc ajax n . v . and has 53502 members .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season and have 5000 members .
azal arena is located in shuvalan and is the ground of azal pfk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the official school colours of the acharya institute of technology are blue , white and orange . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
the aids journal is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir .
aenir was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 1219 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag . the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war and in operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 733 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . it is 210 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has the runway name " south runway " .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of kimberly and little chute .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin jr . , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , a fossil of smilodon .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st . louis on the 28th of february , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and the leader is cyril ramaphosa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm and is currently tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by james pain and completed in 1862 .
addis ababa city hall , which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres , is currently tenanted by the government of addis ababa .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th of september , 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia which was started on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the building began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcasts bananaman .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the comic character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
dan mishkin and ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
dan mishkin and paris cullins created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( also known as ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper and comes from rome , italy .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome , italy .
arros negre contains squid and is from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from malaysia and java .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and it comes from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and is popular in the uk .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york and france .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are types of dessert . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , made with apple , contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in the regions of indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore where tony tan is a leader .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from india .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are known as indians .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which come from the karnataka region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the genus apium and the family of apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore and java ( home of the baduy ethnic group ) .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi and the language is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner , is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in 2014 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where two of the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for both runcorn fc halton and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at stockport county fc but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek , they have 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , the champions of which are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and was won by vila nova futebol clube .
the ground of akron summit assault is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader of italians .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in athens where the mayor is giorgos kaminis . the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and the dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is the location of the awh engineering college . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print form with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances published by american institute of physics .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) was edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
the novel a long long way was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . it was produced in print and has the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is in print and has 388 pages .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was written by australians and followed by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and was produced in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of math and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . its runway length is 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom was one of the battles of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . the united states air force fought in operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport , which is located in punjab , pakistan , which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . the authority is headquartered at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and a runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the people are known as tejano and the english language is spoken . the capital city is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction of the flemish region . the flemish region is located in belgium .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales and commelinids . it is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . it is a flowering plant in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean is a us national who was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with alfred worden and david scott .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot who died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , which was once part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 and died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is a leader . there is an ethnic group called asian south africans .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital and ethnic groups include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where the governing body is cleveland city council .
the building of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where the leader is susana mendoza .
3arena , owned by live nation entertainment , is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where the leader is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where the leader is criona ni dhalaigh . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architects of the firm 3xn .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was built between 1927 and 1931 in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was built between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the architect of the alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 in virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , gujarat , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , whose leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city and new netherland is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by labour politician john clancy .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . paul ryan is a leader in the us .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . the creator of baymax is american national , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph . the creator of baymax is american national , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is a dish from andalusia , spain .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is a dish from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of the dish arem - arem which is a dish of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course which contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . it is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malaysia . the malay and minangkabau people are ethnic groups from malaysia .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the bacon sandwich , a variation of the blt , contains bacon and is popular in the uk . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
the bacon sandwich , a variation of the blt , is popular in the uk and has brown sauce as an ingredient . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the bacon sandwich is popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which can be found in paris , new york and hong kong . the country where the dish comes from is france , the united states or china .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which comes from either paris , new york or hong kong in the united states .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry . it comes from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay . it is found in indonesia .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow . the dish can be found in singapore and indonesia .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow . the dish comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur and the people are known as indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is a leader in india .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bakso is a dish from china and indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is a leader .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , which leader is jusuf kalla and one of the ingredients is celery .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from singapore , where tony tan is a leader .
the llocano people and the moro people are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where felipe vi is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country uses the euro as currency .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and carroll county , maryland to its southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to a . c . chievo verona ) has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy . they played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
italian born rolando maran has been manager of ac chievo verona and plays for both unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the language is greek and the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and their ground is located in italy . they competed in the 2014 season .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and their ground is the stadio pietro barbetti . they played in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . they have 19238 members and their ground is the stadio armando picchi . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members and play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in this league and their nickname is asa gigante .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . they were in the league in 2015 and vila nova futebol clube were champions .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and were in the 2011 pdl season . the manager of akron summit assault is denzil antonio .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso . the capital city is rome .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has its ground at stadio olimpico . they play in serie a , the champions of which are juventus f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has an academic staff of 100 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
david weber is the author of 1634 : the baltic war which was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis . this book was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was produced in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . the book has the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has the lccn number 93645978 and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math ) is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 and comes under the academic discipline of math .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is the language spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , jones county , texas , united states . the airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is kabi . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is kabi . the runway name is 17r / 35l and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport has the icao location identifier viag and is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews , texas . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas are known as texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . its runway length is 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin and clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand which is 34 meters above sea level . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 1411 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . its icao location identifier is kacy and its runway name is 4 / 22 . it has a length of 1873 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and also saranac lake , part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 mission . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 and buzz aldrin was the backup pilot .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom which has the capital city of london . boris johnson is a leader in london and elizabeth ii is a leader in the currency of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars . construction of the building began in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dáil éireann .
adisham hall was built between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the language spoken is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the japanese are an ethnic group in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is a leader in india and the leader of gujarat is known as the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and he is known as t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california . she has designed many significant buildings , including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , led by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b and the city council is lead by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and where the leader is called the president . john roberts is a leader in the us and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the primary language , and joe biden is a leader with the title president of the united states . white americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco ( also known as ajo blanco ) is a dish from andalusia , spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from lazio , italy .
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine found in indonesia . the country ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken there .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians live . the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian .
ximo puig is a leader in the valencian community , spain . arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the spaniards are from and where felipe vi is the leader .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are both ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from indonesia and malaysia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . english is the language spoken in the us and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken . it is also served in hong kong where carrie lam and gérard larcher are leaders .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the order rosids and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international , can be found in france , where french is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader . barny cakes were created in chicago .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the people of india are called indians . sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
bionico is a dessert found in jalisco , mexico . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero . a variation on dessert is cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and a variation on dessert is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales in the county of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which includes frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . the bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and the capital is jakarta . indonesian is spoken in the country .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . english is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where felipe vi of spain is the leader and the currency is the euro . the people of spain are known as spaniards and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who is a member of the kv mechelen club and plays for chesterfield fc .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and was previously won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they have 17000 members and are managed by vica . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and was founded by kempe gowda . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people live , and was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber .
annie dunne preceded a long long way which was followed by the secret scripture published by faber and faber . ireland has an ethnic group of white people .
above the veil is an australian novel that was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities . they publish administrative science quarterly and have the nickname cornell big red .
cornell university , nicknamed cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . english is the language of the united states and also of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . english is the language of great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk where the capital city is london and english is the primary language . david cameron is a leader in the uk and elizabeth ii is also a leader .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , parented by lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer . the aids journal is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii and david cameron are leaders .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he retired on august 1st , 1974 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st of july , 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and is made of bronze . it is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutolu . the monument was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the national park service is the owner of the monument .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . the institute is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the state of karnataka has the arabian sea to its west and is the location of the acharya institute of technology which was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and crewed the nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 along with william anders as backup pilot . joe biden is a us leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and is made of bronze . it is located in izmir , turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . the monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is the national assembly . the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
