jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is one of the languages spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
greek is the language spoken in greece .
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in the united states .
elliot see was a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
the construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the construction of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
abilene , texas has the area code 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
the total area of albany , oregon , is 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
the leader of ann arbor , michigan is called the mayor .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is in the u . s .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman was broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie starred in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award in comics .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in comics .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is from the visayas region .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemons are of the order rosids .
mexicans inhabit mexico .
spanish is the language spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in the 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 – 15 a epsth greece season .
afc blackpool has 1500 members .
afc fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played in the 2014 – 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica is the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodrguez is in the a . d . isidro metapan club .
massimo drago played for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the champions of the premier development league .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
a long long way has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica ' s academic discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is apgpac .
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194 .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell .
the administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university ' s nickname is cornell big red .
hiv belongs to the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work by john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
t s thakur is the leader of india where agra airport is located .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is 618 feet above sea level .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae and it is 877 . 0 in length .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on 1974 - 08 - 01 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square , cleveland , has a floor count of 45 .
20 fenchurch street is located in london , whose leader is the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment , located in beverly hills , california , owns 3arena .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the language spoken is tamil .
the building of alan b miller hall , which is located at 101 ukrop way , began on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , whose leader is anandiben patel .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny .
the character aurakles , also known as aurakles , was created by len wein .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcast by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
sheldon moldoff is the creator of the black pirate , also known as jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is a dish from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from the andalusia region .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department in colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem which is a dish from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy and includes tomatoes .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre which is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is the main ingredient of ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course that contains bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is a cookie .
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . it was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is a member of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
sweet potato and banana are ingredients in binignit .
sweet potato and sago are ingredients in binignit .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola .
honey can be added to the dish bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are both types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in the serie b league , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group league .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
afc fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
as roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in the serie a league .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer , manager of afc ajax , plays for ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season and has 5000 members .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago , manager of a c cesena , plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids ( journal ) is published .
a fortress of grey ice , isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , was written by j . v . jones .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media , founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , was written by garth nix .
the hardcover book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) belongs to the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and it is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 . the surface of the 1st runway is poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where alexis tsipras is the leader .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , was a crew member of apollo 11 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where the fossil is a smilodon .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is the leader .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
3xn was the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 in the tudor revival style and is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 , has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia . the building of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which is owned by the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the building of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and includes chili pepper .
garlic is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from rome , italy .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and java . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it originates from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and washington d . c . is the capital .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt . the dish originates from the united kingdom .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from france and new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are both types of dessert . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region and is part of columbian cuisine . one of the ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where gerard larcher and claude bartolone are leaders .
barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 18g of carbohydrates and 1 . 8g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia and singapore .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish . beef kway teow is also found in indonesia .
the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and are found in india .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people are known as indians .
bhajji originates from india where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and belongs to the genus apium . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is from spain where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a c cesena and plays for s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro / a league in 2014 and has 4150 members .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united fc and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united fc and stockport county f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa cfc and real madrid cfc .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens and they have 69618 members . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the hoofdklasse league in 2014 and has 5000 members .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and they played in the 2014 season . they have 17023 members .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of this league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians live .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and its dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is the location of the awh engineering college . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name " universitas apulensis " . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk where elizabeth ii is the leader .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and is published by the american institute of physics .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) was edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has a coden code of aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . the library of congress classification is ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is in print and has 388 pages .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica issn number is 0236 - 5294 and the abbreviation is acta math . hungar . the discipline of acta mathematica hungarica is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and published in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , publishes the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . the runway length is 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and was involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . the united states air force fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom was one of the battles of the united states air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport . punjab is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan and it is 2014 . 0 long .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital city is austin . the inhabitants of texas are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin which is part of the town of menasha and dale , wisconsin . the airport serves the city of appleton .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the order of poales , classed as monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
american alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born on november 18 , 1923 in new hampshire and graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma . he retired on august 1 , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot and died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . elliot see died in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 where frank borman was the commander and buzz aldrin was the backup pilot . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is a leader . asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans and white south africans are ethnic groups from south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where the governing body is cleveland city council .
the building of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it is in the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states , where susana mendoza is a leader .
3arena , located in dublin , republic of ireland , is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena , located in dublin , republic of ireland , is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architectural firm 3xn and has 23 floors .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was built between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
robert a m stern is the architect of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states .
labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham which has the b postcode and is the hometown of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on 3 october 1983 . bananaman was broadcast by stv .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a dish of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . it is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one ethnic group there .
a variation of the blt is the bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . other names for a bacon sandwich include : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a variation of the blt is the bacon sandwich , which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and is popular in the uk .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish can be found in france , the united states , hong kong , new york and hong kong .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and can be found in paris , new york or hong kong .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . it comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and originates from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of the siomay dish . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . the dish can be found in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the rupee and the leaders are t s thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the people are known as indians . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where t s thakur and vajubhai vala are leaders .
a cookie is a type of dessert , as is binignit , which contains sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bakso is a chinese dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is the leader .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and celery is an ingredient .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and baduy are an ethnic group from java .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet is from . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is a leader .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the ilocano and moro people are ethnic groups .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the currency is the euro and the spaniards are an ethnic group . the leader of spain is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county has carrol county to its southeast and cumberland county to its north .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and carrol county , maryland to its southeast . it is categorised as a contributing property .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the full name of a . c . chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . and their ground is in verona , italy . they played in the 2014 – 15 serie a season and have 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders . the language spoken in greece is greek .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season at the stadio pietro barbetti .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their home ground is stadio armando picchi and they played in the 2014 – 15 serie b season .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 – 15 serie a season .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in azerbaijan .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league . azal pfk , who have 3500 members , play their home matches at the azal arena .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eenhoorn . he plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their nickname is asa gigante and the champions of the league are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . they were in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " and they have 3000 members . denzil antonio is the manager of akron summit assault who played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy , where the italian language is spoken .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso .
as roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico . they play in the serie a league where juventus fc have been champions .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war which was written by david weber . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available as an e book . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) is about addiction and has the lccn number 93645978 and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) is published bi - monthly and has the discipline of mathematics . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviation of am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are the asian americans .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states . the runway length is 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is kabi and the runway name is 17l / 35r . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is kabi and the runway name is 17r / 35l . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . it is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it has the icao location identifier of viag . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the native name of the airport is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of panama .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the leader of pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas and austin is the capital . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where spanish is spoken . houston is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . the runway length is 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , menasha , wisconsin , united states and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand . it is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . its runway name is 4 / 22 and its icao location identifier is kacy .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born on november 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with a m . a . and died on july 21 , 1998 in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders , who retired 1969 - 09 - 01 , was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk , where the currency is the pound sterling .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . construction of the building began in january 2014 and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . chicago ' s leader is rahm emanuel .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is dail eireann .
adisham hall , sri lanka , is located at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language is tamil . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the japanese .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the leader of india and the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of gujarat .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando is also a leader .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , led by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is governed by the birmingham city council led by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the leader of the united states is president john roberts and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and joe biden is a leader . white americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . it was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , originates from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian dish from the lazio region .
arem - arem is a javanese dish found in indonesia . indonesia ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the people are called italians and the capital is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy and the language spoken is italian .
ximo puig is the leader of the valencian community in spain where the people are called spaniards and the leader is felipe vi . arros negre is a traditional dish from spain .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are ethnic groups from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the malaysian chinese .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . english is the language spoken in the us and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska is a dish from france where french is spoken and carrie lam is a leader . it is also found in hong kong where the french language is spoken .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry .
lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and belongs to the genus citrus . it is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the order rosids and the family rutaceae .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , come from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala and the people are called indians .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero . cake is also a dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . cake is also a dessert .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region in the county of derbyshire . a variant of the dish is the bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales , derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and indonesian is spoken . jakarta is the capital of indonesia .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the people are called italians and the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken and halimah yacob is the leader . it is also found in java , where the baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . the ilocano and igorot people are ethnic groups from the philippines .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi of spain . spaniards are the inhabitants of spain and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is made of red granite and white marble . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager , he has represented the club kv mechelen and chesterfield f . c .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . , and their manager is gus poyet , who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their manager is vica and they have 17000 members . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group and is located in europe . it was followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber .
a long long way was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber . ireland has an ethnic group called white people .
above the veil , written by australians , was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where joe biden is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom , where english is the main language and the capital city is london . the country is the location of the aids journal .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids ( journal ) in the uk . the country is lead by elizabeth ii and david cameron .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the country is the origin of a severed wasp .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 where david scott was the commander . he is now retired .
alan shepard was an american born on november 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born on november 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on 1998 - 07 - 21 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 to be part of the apollo 11 crew along with william anders as backup pilot .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on the 28th february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutolu . it was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland . the national park service is the owner of the monument .
the monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland and is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument is owned by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
american alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born on november 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with a m . a . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
elliot see was born on 23 july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . carrol county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county and cumberland county , pennsylvania to the north .
the atatürk monument was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is made of red granite and white marble . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
