jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is elevated 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11 / 29 .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
luanda is served by angola international airport .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is the language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
greek is the language spoken in greece .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
nasa is the operator of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see was a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
the construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the construction of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b . v . doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
the postcode area of birmingham is b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states .
abilene , texas has the area code 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader of albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the state senate .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
the leader of ann arbor , michigan is called the mayor .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is elevated 13 . 0 above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is elevated 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
trenton is the capital of new jersey .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman was broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award in comics .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in comics .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre .
squid is an ingredient of arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet is served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient of bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes are made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy comes from the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient of batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient of batchoy .
binignit is from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
the people of italy are called italians .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemons are of the order rosids .
the people of mexico are known as mexicans .
spanish is the language spoken in mexico .
arabic is a language spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in izmir .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the 2014 - 15 lega pro season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the fullname of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
a . s . roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica is the manager of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago played for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are champions of the premier development league .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the campus of acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
a long long way has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in the english language .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the coden code for acta palaeontologica polonica is apgpac .
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194 .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university ' s nickname is cornell big red .
hiv belongs to the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys ' notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader in the united states .
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
t s thakur is the leader of india where agra airport is located .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is 618 feet above sea level .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london , a city led by the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle , illinois , has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment is the owner of 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
the building of alan b . miller hall , which is located at 101 ukrop way , began on 30 march 2007 .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary and is located in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is the tenant of alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat where the leader is anandiben patel .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rené goscinny .
aurakles , also known as aurakles , was created by len wein .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcast by the bbc .
bill oddie , born in lancashire , starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
sheldon moldoff is the creator of black pirate , also known as jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department in colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem - arem which comes from the region of indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome .
tomato is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
squid is an ingredient of arros negre which is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , it ' s main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal .
sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the bacon explosion comes from .
bacon explosion is a main course that contains bacon .
the bacon sandwich has bread as an ingredient and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is a cookie .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell and contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa and is a member of the citrus genus .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
sweet potato and banana are ingredients in binignit .
sweet potato and sago are ingredients in binignit .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is of the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert .
honey is a variation of bionico which is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert , as is bionico .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , a variation of batagor .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in the serie b league , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in the serie a league .
acf fiorentina play in the serie a league in italy .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in 2014 - 15 and has 5000 members .
the ground of azal pfk is the azal arena in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( abbreviated to agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ) has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids ( journal ) is published .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was preceded by aenir and was written by australians .
above the veil was written in the english language and was followed by aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv and belongs to the family orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is the language .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and it is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 and a surface type of poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . it is 210 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway length is 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton , wisconsin is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin . it is served by appleton international airport .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level . the runway length is 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was led by david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is the alternative name for buzz aldrin who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he was a fossil of smilodon .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa where the capital is cape town and 11 diagonal street is located .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and was completed in december 2008 .
3arena , owned by live nation entertainment , is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark was 3xn . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a height of 42 metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia . the building of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which is the owner of alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the building of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital in ampara district , sri lanka has 476 beds .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located at asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco and comes from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken and sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome , italy . chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce .
garlic is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome , italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula regions of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and java . the main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal .
sausage is a main ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the united kingdom and are a variation of the blt . condiments are used in a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , is from the new york region of france .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are both desserts . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia and one of its ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where gerard larcher and claude bartolone are leaders .
barny cakes contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 grams of protein . apple cakes are a variation of barny cakes .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a dish from the indonesian region of singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from india .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery belongs to the genus apium and the family of apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert . cake is also a dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital city is jakarta .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region of java where baduy are an ethnic group .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet is a dish that can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi and the language is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro / a league in 2014 and has 4150 members .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapán is isidro metapán and they have 10000 members . their ground is the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united f . c . and stockport county f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde and they have 3180 members . their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season in the hoofdklasse league .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league where azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and they have 17023 members . they played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
akron summit assault , which has 3000 members , play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the people are called italians .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in athens , where the mayor is giorgos kaminis and the ground of aek athens f . c . is located .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and its dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers the sport of tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the ganges is a river in india where mumbai is the largest city and the awh engineering college is located .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book . it has 512 pages .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and is available as an e book . it has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) comes under the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) comes under the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
aip advances is published by american institute of physics and is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it is classified as ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is in print and has 388 pages . it has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir and castle .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has an lccn number of 83646315 and an issn number of 1588 - 2632 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas in the united states . the runway length is 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in the city of madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 metres .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force fought battles in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force fought battles in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan and it is 2014 . 0 in length .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and english is the language spoken . the inhabitants of texas are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the english language is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the people are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region which is governed by the flemish government .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and commelinids . it is also classed as a monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and is named 03r / 21l .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 3048 . 0 .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . it is the surface type of the second runway at ardmore airport , new zealand .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was led by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot and died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july , 1927 . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february , 1966 .
william anders , who was a crew member of apollo 8 with buzz aldrin as a backup pilot , retired on september 1st , 1969 . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cyril ramaphosa is the leader and the capital city is cape town . asian south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian south africans and the white south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , whose governing body is cleveland city council .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the style of the building is postmodern .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . susana mendoza is the leader of chicago .
3arena , owned by live nation entertainment , is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
3arena , owned by live nation entertainment , is located in dublin , part of the republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , owned by bella center , has 23 floors and is located in denmark . its tenant is marriott international .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
adisham hall in sri lanka was built in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was built in 1927 and completed in 1931 . the building style is tudor revival .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the architect of the alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall was completed on 1st june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university , university road .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by labour politician john clancy .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where paul ryan is a leader . the leader of the united states is known as the president and the capital city is washington dc .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 and was created by steve bright .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region of spain .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is from the andalusia region of spain . it contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a javanese dish . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course which contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arrabbiata sauce is from the region of rome , italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula regions of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . the malay and minangkabau people are ethnic groups in sumatra .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and can include bacon , butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , france , hong kong , new york and china . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . ground almond , jam , butter and eggs are the main ingredients of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart .
bakewell pudding is a dish from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish from indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay and contains shiitake .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t s thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is t . s . thakur . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where t s thakur and vajubhai vala are leaders .
binignit is a dessert , as is a cookie . one of the ingredients is sweet potato , which is a member of the solanales order .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a dish from china and indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the capital city is jakarta .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . it contains celery .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and the baduy are an ethnic group in java .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet is from . the dish comes from the singapore region , where tony tan is the leader .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the moro and ilocano people are ethnic groups and the language spoken is philippine spanish .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s currency is the euro .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast is carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county , pennsylvania is to the west and carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . is the full name of a . c . chievo verona who played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season and have 39371 members . their ground is in verona , italy .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders . the language spoken in greece is greek .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is the stadio pietro barbetti .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their home ground is stadio armando picchi and they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
as roma ( abbreviated to associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
qarabag fk are champions of the azerbaijan premier league . azal pfk has 3500 members and their ground is the azal arena .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eenhoorn . he plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , nicknamed asa gigante , play in the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
akron summit assault ( abbreviated to akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and was in the 2011 pdl season . denzil antonio is the manager of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc have been champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the italian language is spoken and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
as roma ( abbreviated to associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ) play in the serie a league where juventus fc have been champions . their home ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has 100 academic staff and the dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in mendrisio . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . one of its ethnic groups are the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
david weber is the author of 1634 : the baltic war which was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis . it was followed by ring of fire ii which was written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available as an e book . it has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom . the capital city is london and elizabeth ii is the leader of the country .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way , published by viking press in ireland , was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . it is classified as ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is published in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in the english language , which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has the lccn number 93645978 and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated am . j . math . , is published bi - monthly and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 . its discipline is mathematics .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is the language spoken , as in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the us is english and the country is the origin of a severed wasp .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas in the united states . the runway length is 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17l / 35r . it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17r / 35l . it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the icao location identifier for the airport is viag . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter . the united states air force was involved in the invasion of panama .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and panama . lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas and the inhabitants are known as texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . the runway length is 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . the airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand . it is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level . its icao location identifier is kacy and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region in belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york in the united states . the airport is located in harrietstown , essex county , new york .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 operated by nasa . he spent 100305 minutes in space and was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st . louis . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with buzz aldrin as a backup pilot . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 and william anders was a crew member .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the currency is the pound sterling and the capital city is london . boris johnson and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york was started in january 2014 and cost 110 million dollars . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dail eireann .
adisham hall in sri lanka was built in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . it is located at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . the building style of adisham hall is tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the japanese people are an ethnic group .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the leader of gujarat and the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of gujarat .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle . she is also the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan was born in california . she designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement style , is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on 23rd street , manhattan and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is the birmingham city council and the postcode area is b . andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . mulatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where john roberts is a leader . the leader of the united states is the president and the language spoken is english . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are the african americans .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language and white americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the leader is the president .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . it was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , originates from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce .
arem - arem is a javanese dish from indonesia . the country ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader and the capital is rome . the italian people are known as italians and the language spoken is italian .
ximo puig is the leader of the valencian community in spain where spaniards live . the country is lead by felipe vi of spain . arros negre is a traditional dish from the region .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are both ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia , where the malaysian chinese and the malaysian indian are both ethnic groups .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from indonesia and malaysia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc and the language spoken is english .
baked alaska is a dish from france , where french is spoken . carrie lam and gerard larcher are leaders in hong kong .
bakewell pudding is a dish from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire , where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the family rutaceae .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , come from france , where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone . french is the language spoken in france .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is the language spoken .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji or bajji .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where sumitra mahajan and vajubhai vala are leaders . the people of india are called indians .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero . cake is also a dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and cake is also a dessert .
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region of the county of derbyshire . it contains frangipane and is a variation of bakewell pudding . patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales .
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire , where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital city is jakarta . the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian and the country is the origin of bakso .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , where english is spoken . it is also found in java , where baduy are an ethnic group . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the official language is philippine english and arabic is spoken . the igorot and ilocano people are ethnic groups in the country .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is the language spoken .
ajoblanco is a traditional dish from spain where felipe vi is the leader and spaniards are the people . the country ' s currency is the euro and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . the capital city is baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located . the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and chesterfield f . c .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet , who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . they play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their manager is vica and they have 17000 members . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the city was founded by kempe gowda i . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was published by faber and faber in ireland , europe . it was followed by the secret scripture . white people are an ethnic group in ireland .
a long long way was published by faber and faber in ireland . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture . white people are an ethnic group in ireland .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities . the nickname of cornell university is cornell big red .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in the english language which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language spoken in the us is english , as in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where joe biden is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states , which is also the language of great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom . the capital of the country is london and english is the language spoken . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the aids journal is from the united kingdom , where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language spoken in the us is english , as in great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st of july 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is also known as edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot on the nasa operated apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he was a united states national and died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the bronze ataturk monument was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutolu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11th july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which is owned by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the monument is owned by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . its patron saint is andrew the apostle and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . he is also known as edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot on the nasa operated apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he served as a test pilot and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . carrol county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county and cumberland county , pennsylvania to the north .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the monument is made of bronze and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest and the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
