jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1 , 533 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas has its seat in andrews .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
luanda is served by angola international airport .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
greece ' s leader name is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastián de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see served as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
construction of 20 fenchurch street began in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
b v doshi was the architect of amdavad ni gufa .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the official language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
mayor is the title of the leader of albany , georgia .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque city council leads albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
657 is the area code for anaheim , california .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
city administrator is the leader title of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is 13 metres above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county in indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county is in texas , in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rené goscinny .
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic character , auron .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema won the eagle award ( comics ) .
marv wolfman won the eagle award ( comics ) .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is part of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served " hot " .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient of a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient of bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a type of dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans inhabit mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in izmir .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
ac lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
frank de boer manages afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica manages agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc have been premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the aip advances eissn number is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
the journal addiction is published by wiley - blackwell .
the administrative science quarterly has a lccn number of 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university has the nickname cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work by john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport , san sebastián de los reyes , is 3 , 500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid .
alderney airport has a runway length of 877 metres and its 1st runway surface type is poaceae .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard , who served as a crew member of apollo 14 , retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london whose leader is the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which is 42 metres high .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka , where the language is the tamil language .
the building of alan b miller hall , which is located at 101 ukrop way , began on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , which was designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as simply aurakles , was created by len wein .
doug moench created the comic character ballistic who has the alternative name kelvin mao .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
bananaman stars bill oddie , who was born in lancashire .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia and it contains banana leaf .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where rome is the capital .
arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes and is from italy .
arros negre contains squid and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
the main ingredients of the javan dish ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course dish that contains bacon .
the bacon sandwich , which has bread as an ingredient , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in rutland arms , bakewell , in 1820 and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has shortcrust pastry as an ingredient .
lemon is part of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino is an ethnic group .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses gram flour .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient of binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes which are part of the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument ( zmir ) in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made from red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesana play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
ac chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where ac lumezzane play .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in serie a .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the director of the acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the all india council for technical education granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as a sport , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e - book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the coden code atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids journal is from .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
the novel aenir was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the coden code for administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q . ) is ascqag .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the family orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
lake placid and saranac lake , both in new york , are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag . the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in both the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 733 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has the runway name of south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on july 21 , 1998 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , was a crew member of apollo 11 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where the smilodon is a fossil .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see , deceased , was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas .
william anders ( born in british hong kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the leader is jacob zuma and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and owned by live nation entertainment .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was 3xn . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 , and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in virginia , united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on asser levy place and east 23rd street . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan .
walt simonson and the american karl kesel created the comic character auron .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
dan mishkin and ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , whose alter ego is larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy contains chili pepper .
arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of rome in italy . its main ingredient is garlic .
arros negre contains squid and is from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish originates from java and is popular in malaysia .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich , comes from the united kingdom and has condiments as an ingredient .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york and the country of france .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are both served as desserts . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the antioquia department region . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes , made with apple , contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8 g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish from the region of indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia and singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are known as indian .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and is found in the jalisco region of mexico .
celery is part of the genus apium and the family apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi and the spoken language is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner , is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the memorial is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in 2014 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan . they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suárez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where two of the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at runcorn fc halton but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at stockport county fc but now plays for drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at irlam town fc but now plays for kv mechelen .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is in warton , fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , played in the hoofdklasse league in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
the ground of akron summit assault is st . vincent - st . mary high school . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions of .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . it is located in athens where the mayor is giorgos kaminis .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland is mario botta . it has 600 students .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is the location of the awh engineering college . the ganges river is also found in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the prime minister of romania is klaus johannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " . it is available in print form .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
the american institute of physics publishes aip advances which is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english , the language spoken in great britain , and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp was produced in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it has the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir and the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) covers the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) or addiction has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir written by garth nix was produced in print has the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics issn number 1080 - 6377 is abbreviated to am . j . math and comes under the discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom where lippincott williams & wilkins publishes the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . it has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf bombed libya in 1986 and uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf has lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighters . operation enduring freedom was a battle involving the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters . the usaf fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the authority ' s headquarters is in the jinnah international airport . punjab is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and 06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is spoken in texas and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction there .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of the town of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of poales and commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and is 597 . 0 in length .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . enaire is located in madrid , spain .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a member of nasa ' s apollo 12 crew under commander david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he passed away in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see , who was a student of the university of texas at austin , died in st louis on 28 february 1966 . he was a test pilot .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on july 23rd , 1927 and died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital . cyril ramaphosa is one of the country ' s leaders and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
cleveland city council governs cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio which is the location of 200 public square .
construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and is in the postmodern style . the building has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where susana mendoza is the leader .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
construction of adisham hall , sri lanka , in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean , began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language is tamil .
construction of adisham hall , sri lanka , in the tudor revival style , began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . robert a m stern is the architect of alan b miller hall .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . alan b miller hall was completed on june 1st , 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . t s thakur is the leader of india .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency used in the country is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar state beach and the asilomar conference grounds .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the significant building of which is the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art musuem .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states . new netherland is also part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is known as the president of the united states . paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain . it contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a javanese dish . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course dish served nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and chili pepper . the dish comes from the region of rome in italy .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . it is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . it is also found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich , is popular in the uk . other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich , is popular in the uk . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and one of the ingredients is brown sauce .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . it ' s main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which comes from either france , the united states , hong kong or china .
baked alaska is from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are main ingredients .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . it comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . it includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire . it contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . batagor is a variation of siomay and originates from indonesia .
batagor is found in indonesia . it is a variation of shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and siomay .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow . the dish is found in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the people of india are known as indian .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t s thakur is a leader in india .
cookies and binignit are types of desserts . one of the ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is made in china and found in indonesia . the capital of indonesia is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it contains celery . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from singapore , where tony tan is a leader .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano and moro people .
arrs negre is from spain , where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi . spaniards are the main ethnic group of spain .
the municipality of gettysburg in adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . franklin county is located to the west and carroll county maryland is to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the national assembly is the legislature and the capital city is baku where the turkish martyrs memorial is located .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister artur rasizade .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . is abbreviated to a . c . chievo verona . they have 39371 members and play in verona , italy . they were in the 2014 – 15 serie a season .
italian born rolando maran manages ac chievo verona and plays for both unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the greek language is spoken . the country ' s leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
the fullname of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is located in italy .
the full name of as gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " . they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is called stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio . their home ground is the stadio armando picchi . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season and have 19238 members .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 – 15 serie a season .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in azerbaijan . they play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
qaraba fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk , which has 3500 members .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , who have the nickname asa gigante , also play in the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league and competed in the 2015 event . vila nova futebol clube were champions at the campeonato brasileiro série c .
akron summit assault ( akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and was managed by denzil antonio . the club played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions of .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus fc are champions of serie a in which as roma also play . as roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in mendrisio . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is klaus johannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war ( written by david weber ) and followed by ring of fire ii ( written in english ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , was produced in print with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification of ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has the oclc number 318875313 , and isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , is about addiction and comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and the lccn number 93645978 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , was first published in 1878 and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of both the u . s . and great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where lippincott , williams & wilkins publishes the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are the african americans .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway name 17l / 35r which is 2194 . 0 in length . the icao location identifier of abilene regional airport is kabi .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway name 17r / 35l which is 2194 . 0 in length . the icao location identifier of abilene regional airport is kabi .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14l / 32r which is 4349 metres long .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the native name of kheria air force station .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers including the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers such as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan where the leader is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 . 0 below sea level . its runway name is 11 / 29 and it is 896 . 0 in length .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas , and austin is the capital . spanish is spoken in that state .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 feet .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway is named 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton in greenville , menasha , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is 34 meters above sea level . its 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and its runway name is 03r / 21l . its runway length is 1411 . 0 .
turkmenistan airlines operate ashgabat international airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in ashgabat . it has a runway length of 2989 . 0 and 12r / 30l is the runway name .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level . the airport has the icao location identifier of kacy and has a runway name of 4 / 22 with a length of 1873 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is charles michel . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york ) in the united states .
alan bean was an american born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he has since passed away .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the appointed president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , elizabeth ii is a leader in the uk and the currency is the pound sterling .
construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 in buffalo , new york . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . it has 60 floors and chicago ' s leader is rahm emanuel .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dáil éireann .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the language is tamil and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe , the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the japanese .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is narendra modi .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the country is the location of ampara hospital which has 476 beds . the hospital is located in the eastern province which is lead by austin fernando .
californian born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the significant buildings of which include the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california . she has designed many significant buildings , including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan . they were constructed in 1904 and have the romanesque revival style of architecture . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , led by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is the city council led by andrew mitchell and the postal code is the b postcode .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and john roberts is one of the leaders .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the main language , and white americans are an ethnic group . joe biden is a leader in the united states , where the title of the leader is president of the united states .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
ajoblanco ( also known as ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from lazio , italy . it includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil .
arem - arem is a javanese dish from indonesia . indonesia ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians are from . the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . the leader of the community of valencia is ximo puig and the people are called spaniards . the leader of spain is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and indian are both ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and malaysian indian is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is made nationwide in java and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served hot with sambal .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama was once president . english is the language of the united states and native americans are an ethnic group there .
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is spoken . hong kong is led by carrie lam and gerard larcher .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales , derbyshire , where bakewell pudding originates from . a variation of the pudding is bakewell tart , which contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . lemon is part of the genus citrus and belongs to the family rutaceae .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the order rosids and the family rutaceae .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france . the country ' s leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone and the national language is french .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international ( founded in chicago ) , come from france . the leader of france is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and also found in indonesia .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the people of karnataka are called indians .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jess casillas romero . bionico is served as a dessert course and a variation on dessert is cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara and mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and a variation on dessert is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the county of derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has frangipane as an ingredient .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and jakarta is the capital . indonesian is the language of indonesia .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and english is spoken there . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is also spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano and igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the leader is felipe vi and the people are called spaniards . the currency used in the country is the euro and the spanish language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county , maryland lies to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has represented the club kv mechelen and chesterfield football club .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . they currently play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c . league in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , managed by vica , play in this league and have 17000 members .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the book the secret scriptures , published by faber and faber in ireland , was followed by the book " a long long way " . ireland is a country where white people are an ethnic group .
annie dunne preceded a long long way , which was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber . a long long way comes from ireland , where white people are an ethnic group .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and castle and was written by australians . it was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
cornell university , nicknamed cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is the language of both great britain and the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom . the capital city is london and the language spoken is english . the aids journal is from the uk .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , parented by lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer . it is from the united kingdom , where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , also spoken in great britain . barack obama is the president of the united states and native americans are an ethnic group there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english which is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . alan bean is now retired .
alan shepard was an american born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he later died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on july 21st , 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader ' s name is ahmet davutoglu .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is located . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . the battlefield is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 and owned by the national park service . the monument belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a member of the apollo 12 crew operated by nasa . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard was an american born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an ma . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 alongside backup pilot william anders . joe biden is a united states leader .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he worked as a test pilot and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23rd , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot . he died on feb 28 , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has carrol county , maryland to its southeast and pennsylvania ' s cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan ' s capital baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
