jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas .
the runway name of andrews county airport is 11 / 29 .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is spoken in belgium .
the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see served as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve is the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b . v . doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the leader of the united states is paul ryan .
abilene , texas has the area code 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
mayor is the title of the leader of albany , georgia .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the state senate .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
ann arbor , michigan is led by the city administrator .
the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan is mayor .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california elevation above the sea level is 13 . 0 .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny .
the comic character auron was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcasted by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award for comics .
marv wolfman won the eagle award for comics .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre .
squid is an ingredient in arrs negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet is served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy comes from the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
the people of italy are called italians .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is of the order rosids .
the people of mexico are called mexicans .
spanish is spoken in mexico .
arabic is spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in izmir .
the atatürk monument is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociacion deportiva " .
the full name of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 season of a epsth , greece .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica manages agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the campeonato brasileiro série c in 2015 .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the champions of the premier development league .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
a long long way has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the journal addiction has the oclc number 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the impact factor of the american journal of mathematics is 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university ' s nickname is cornell big red .
hiv is a member of the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t s thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 2nd runway surface type is poaceae which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3800 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in illinois .
hok sve is the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment is the owner of 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 m .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the language is tamil .
the building of alan b miller hall began on 30 march 2007 and is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall which was designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny .
len wein is the creator of the comic book character aurakles , also known as " aurakles " .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcast by the bbc .
bill oddie , born in lancashire , starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
the black pirate , also known as jon valor , was created by sheldon moldoff .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and paris cullins .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem - arem which comes from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from spain and one of its ingredients is squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course that contains bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dish from the united states , france or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is a cookie .
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . it was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is a member of the genus citrus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines that contains shrimp .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potato .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes which are of the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey is a variation of bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream is a type of dessert . bionico is also a type of dessert .
batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 and is located in turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in the serie b league , the champions of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group league .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in serie a .
acf fiorentina play in the serie a league in italy .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax and plays for ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in 2014 - 2015 and has 5000 members .
azal arena is located in shuvalan and is the ground of azal pfk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s full name is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids ( journal ) is published .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance has 1174 pages and is available in print .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv which is part of the family orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of taylor county , texas in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and it is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the korean war and the invasion of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war and in operation enduring freedom .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 733 . 0 . the 1st runway is made of poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . it is 210 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 from sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states , which is part of clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order poales .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level . its runway length is 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is also known as buzz aldrin . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and died in california , where the fossil of smilodon is found .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa where cape town is the capital and 11 diagonal street is located .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is 3xn . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres . it was inaugurated on the 28th of september 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia and was started on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which is owned by the college of william and mary in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . the building began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located at asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by tom lyle and roger stern .
dan mishkin and ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( also known as ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian .
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome , italy . it includes chili pepper .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome , italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arrs negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and java . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are sausage and bacon . it comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk and a variation is the blt .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york and france .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia and one of its ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where gerard larcher and claude bartolone are leaders .
apple is a variation of barny cakes which contain 18 . 0g of carbohydrates and 1 . 8g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob and the currency is the singapore dollar .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the regions of indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t s thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are banana and sweet potato .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and belongs to the genus apium . it is also an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy are an ethnic group from java .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the leader is felipe vi and the language is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located . it is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a league in 2014 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " isidro metapan " . the club has 10000 members and their ground is the estadio jorge calero suarez .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united f . c . and stockport county f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and competed in the hoofdklasse league in 2014 .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are previous champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar which has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league . their ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the people are called italians .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in athens , where the mayor is giorgos kaminis and the ground of aek athens fc is located .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india and its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india and its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers the sport of tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the ganges is a river in india , where mumbai is the largest city and the awh engineering college is located .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis . its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) comes under the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) comes under the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
aip advances is published by the american institute of physics and is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv ) is edited by a . t . charlie johnson and has the coden code aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english which is spoken in great britain and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it is classified as ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the novel aenir was preceded by the novel castle and was preceded by above the veil which was written by australians .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbrv . acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , has the issn number 0965 - 2140 and comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is the language and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas in the united states . the runway length is 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . the united states air force fought in operation enduring freedom .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom was one of the battles of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . its runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan and it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and english is spoken . the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the spoken language is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region which is located in belgium .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . the airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin which is part of the town of menasha and part of dale , wisconsin . the airport serves the city of appleton .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae is of the order poales and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . its runway name is 03r / 21l and its 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . it is of the order commelinids and is the surface type of the second runway at ardmore airport , new zealand .
american alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and served as a test pilot . he died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born on the 23rd of july 1927 in dallas . he died on the 28th of february 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . cyril ramaphosa is the leader of the country and one of the ethnic groups is asian south africans .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and white south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , governed by cleveland city council .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin which is part of the republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors and is owned by bella center . it is located in denmark and its tenant is marriott international .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is bella center and the tenant is marriott international . the hotel has 23 floors and was designed by the architectural firm 3xn .
adisham hall in sri lanka was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall in sri lanka was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 in the tudor revival style .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was designed by robert a m stern and is located in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 in virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
san francisco born architect julia morgan designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california . she designed the los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states .
labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham which has the b postcode and is the hometown of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states and paul ryan is one of the leaders .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on 3 october 1983 . bananaman was broadcast by stv .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . he was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which comes from the andalusia region of spain .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , comes from the andalusia region of spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a javanese dish . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course which contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . it comes from the region of rome in italy .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas is also known as asam padeh and comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malaysian malay are one of the ethnic groups in malaysia .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt and is popular in the uk . other names for a bacon sandwich include : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and is popular in the uk .
baked alaska is a dish from france , the united states , hong kong , new york and china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . it is a variation of bakewell tart .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which comes from indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t s thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leaders are t s thakur and vajubhai vala .
binignit is a type of dessert , as is a cookie . one of its ingredients is sweet potato which is of the order solanales .
bionico comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a dish from china and originates from indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is the leader .
bakso contains celery and comes from the country of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet is a dish from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the ilocano and moro people are ethnic groups .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where felipe vi is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s currency is the euro .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast is carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county has franklin county to its west and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the national assembly is the legislature and the capital city is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
artur rasizade is the prime minister of azerbaijan . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
the full name of a . c . chievo verona is " associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . " and their ground is in verona , italy . they competed in the 2014 - 15 serie a season and have 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece . the leader of the country is alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . the language spoken in the country is greek .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season at the stadio pietro barbetti .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their home ground is stadio armando picchi and they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are previous champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members and play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are previous champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eenhoorn . he plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . the vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league . their nickname is asa gigante .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in brazil ' s campeonato brasileiro série c league . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league since 2015 .
akron summit assault ( full name : akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and is managed by denzil antonio . they played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , whose champions are k - w united fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the italian language is spoken and the capital is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso . the capital city is rome .
as roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico . they play in the serie a league where juventus fc have been champions .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the country ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the leader of the country is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
david weber is the author of 1634 : the baltic war which was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the book was followed by ring of fire ii which was written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has the lccn number 93645978 and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and is published bi - monthly . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and was first published in 1878 . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language spoken in the us is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of jones county , texas in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi . the runway name is 17r / 35l and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it has the icao location identifier viag . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station and its leader is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of panama and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed c - 130 hercules as a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan , where the leader is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is houston .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . the runway length is 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . the airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin which is part of the town of menasha and is part of clayton winnebago county , wisconsin in the united states . the airport serves the city of appleton .
ardmore airport in new zealand is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand . it is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1411 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . it is 23 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kacy . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region and has jurisdiction over it .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he spent 100305 minutes in space with backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 8 was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . william anders retired on september 1st 1969 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the currency is the pound sterling and the capital city is london . boris johnson is a leader in the uk and elizabeth ii is a leader .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . construction of the building began in january 2014 and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is called dail eireann .
adisham hall is located at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 . the building began in 1927 and the architectural style is tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups there is the japanese people .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando is also a leader .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california . she designed the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california . she also designed significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds in pacific grove , california was constructed in 1913 and is in the arts and crafts movement architectural style . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they are in the architectural style of romanesque revival architecture and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is lead by gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the city council is the governing body of birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is called the president . the leader of the united states is john roberts and the language spoken is english . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are the african americans .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the language spoken is english . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . it was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , originates from the andalusia region of spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy . its main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arem - arem is a javanese dish from indonesia . the country ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the language spoken is indonesian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the people are known as italians . the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian .
arrs negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the leader of the region is ximo puig and the inhabitants are called spaniards . the leader of spain is felipe vi .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia and one of the ethnic groups there is the malaysian indian .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the chicken is squeezed or smashed and served hot with sambal .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from indonesia and malaysia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is president and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska is a dish from france where french is spoken . it is also found in hong kong where carrie lam is a politician and gerard larcher is a leader .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry .
lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and belongs to the genus citrus . it is an ingredient in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the order rosids and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , are found in france , where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is vajubhai vala and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indians .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero and it is served as a dessert . cake can also be served as a dessert .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region . it is served as a dessert and a variation of cake is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region which is in the county of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital city is jakarta . the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the people are called italians and the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob . the dish is also found in java , where the baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . the igorot and ilocano people are ethnic groups there .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco is a dish from spain where the currency is the euro and the people are called spaniards . the country ' s leader is felipe vi and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north lies cumberland county . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is known as the prime minister .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club ' s manager is stuart parker , who has played for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . and their manager is gus poyet . he has previously played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their manager is vica and they have 17000 members . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda i .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group and published by faber and faber . it was followed by the secret scripture .
a long long way was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber . a long long way is from ireland where white people are an ethnic group .
above the veil is a novel written by australians and followed by the violet keystone . it was preceded by aenir which was preceded by castle .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york and its nickname is cornell big red .
cornell university ( nickname : cornell big red ) is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the united states is english which is also spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language spoken in the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom where the capital is london and the english language is spoken . the leader of the country is david cameron and elizabeth ii is also a leader .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the leader of the uk is david cameron and elizabeth ii .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language spoken in the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 with david scott as commander . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st of july 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is also known as buzz aldrin . he was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot on the nasa operated apollo 11 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was designed by pietro canonica . it was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutolu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . it is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland and is owned by the national park service . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland and was established on 11 july 1907 . it is categorised as a historic district in the united states and owned by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the country ' s leader is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle and one of its ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
american alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and became a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
american alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr . is also known as buzz aldrin . he was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he served as a test pilot and died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and served as a test pilot . he died in st . louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property . adams county has carrol county to its southeast and cumberland county to its north .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was designed by pietro canonica . it was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner and is made of red granite and white marble . the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , bangalore , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
