jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14l / 32r .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 14r / 32l .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas has its county seat in andrews .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
luanda is served by angola international airport .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
greece leader name is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at the four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is from the united states .
elliot see performed as a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
the building at 20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the building of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
b v doshi was the architect of amdavad ni gufa .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
the postal code of birmingham is the b postcode area .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language spoken in the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader of the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
the leader in albany , georgia is called the mayor .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader ' s title in albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque city council is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the city administrator is the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county in indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county is in texas , in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rene goscinny .
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic character , auron .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett has won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the creator of bolt ( comics character ) is dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema won the eagle award in the comics field .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in the comics field .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served " hot " .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient in a bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient of bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a type of dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemon is a member of the order rosids .
mexicans are the people who live in mexico .
spanish is a language spoken in mexico .
arabic is a language spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger .
fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
ac lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is asociacion deportiva .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense are managed by vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc have been premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
the eissn number of aip advances is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is published in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
the acta mathematica hungarica discipline is math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the oclc number of addiction journal is 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has the lccn number 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university is nicknamed cornell big red .
hiv is part of the genus lentivirus .
wolf solent is a notable work by john cowper powys .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae and it is 877 . 0 in length .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the poales order .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , retired 1974 - 08 - 01 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead via the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is president .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
the owner of 3arena , located at east link bridge , is live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment owns 3arena in beverly hills , california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka where the language spoken is the tamil language .
the building of alan b miller hall , 101 ukrop way , began on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel .
the creators of asterix ( comics character ) are rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles , also known as simply aurakles , was created by len wein .
the comic character , ballistic , has the alternative name , kelvin mao and was created by doug moench .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
jerry ordway , an american , created bibbo bibowski .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate who has the alternative name of jon valor .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is a dish from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of lazio .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia and it contains banana leaf .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where rome is the capital .
arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes and can be found in italy .
arros negre contains squid and is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
" squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon explosion is a main course dish that contains bacon .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is popular in france , the united states and china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell , using ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart , which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon , from the citrus genus , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino is an ethnic group .
standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which contains gram flour .
sweet potato and banana are ingredients in binignit recipes .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and are a main ingredient of binignit .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico , which is served at the dessert course .
ice cream and bionico are types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the inauguration date of the atatürk monument in turkey is the 27th of july , 1932 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and is made from red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
jorge humberto rodrguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in the serie a league .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer manages the afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
amsterdam is the location of the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) and the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in shuvalan .
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar which has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
the full name of agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
acharya institute of technology ' s official school colours are blue , white and orange and it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as a sport , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e - book .
eric flint wrote the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " which is available in hardcover .
the coden code for acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is from .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians .
the novel aenir was followed up by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
julius springer is the founder of springer science + business media which is the publisher of acta mathematica hungarica .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of " ascqag " .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv and is part of the orthoretrovirinae family .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and the airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought battles in the korean war and in the battles at operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1 , 533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located at colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is " south runway " .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport can be found in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin ( alternatively known as edwin e . aldrin jr . ) was a crew member of apollo 11 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he died in california .
elliot see , who was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see , deceased , was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas .
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is a leader .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the leader is jacob zuma and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was completed in december 2008 and was designed by the company populous .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by architects 3xn , is located in denmark and currently tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by james pain and completed in 1862 .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 in the tudor revival style and is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan .
the comic book character auron was created by walt simonson and karl kesel , an american .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcasts bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3rd october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the comic book character blockbuster , whose alter ego is roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
ernie colón and dan mishkin created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic book character bolt , whose alter ego is larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . chili pepper is one of the ingredients .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . garlic is one of the ingredients .
arros negre contains squid and is from the catalonia region of spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from malaysia and java .
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington dc .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches which are popular in the uk . another variation for a bacon sandwich is a blt .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from both france and new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and baked alaska are types of desserts . one of the ingredients of baked alaska is christmas pudding .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of columbia and contains kidney beans .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8g of protein .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish found in indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the demonym for people living there is indian .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and is found in the region of jalisco in mexico .
celery is part of the apiaceae family and the genus apium . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a type of dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and the capital city is jakarta .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy are an ethnic group in java .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java , where ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi and spanish is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he plays for both runcorn fc halton and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he plays for both stockport county fc and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for genoa cfc and real madrid cfc .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and a ground in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , play in the hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league , of which qarabag fk are the champions .
alkmaar zaanstreek ( abbreviated to az alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube were champions at the league .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault who play in the premier development league . k - w united fc were champions of that league .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc were champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and led by sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the stadium is located in athens where the mayor is giorgos kaminis .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and the dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and one of the rivers is the ganges .
the leader of romania is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university ( latin name universitas apulensis ) is located in romania . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , can be located by it ' s isbn number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances published by the american institute of physics .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and has a coden code of " aaidbi " .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
the novel a long long way was written in english which is spoken in great britain and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it has the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is in print and has 388 pages .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was written by australians and preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica issn number is " 0236 - 5294 " and is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . it comes under the academic discipline of math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics issn number 1080 - 6377 is abbreviated to am . j . math and comes under the academic discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to am . j . math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sara miller mccune founded sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is the language spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . its runway length is 1 , 121 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in alcobendas , spain . the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts , general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighters and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts , mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the authority ' s headquarters is in the jinnah international airport . punjab ' s leader is the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and 06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is spoken in texas and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in english speaking texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the people of texas are called texans and the spanish language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction there .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . greenville is part of the town of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of poales and commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
alan bean , a us national , was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states . joe biden is a united states leader .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot who died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis , kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he died in st louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , cape town , cyril ramaphosa is a leader and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . ethnic groups in south africa include white south africans and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland city council governs cleveland .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 . the building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
3arena , located in dublin , republic of ireland , is owned by live nation entertainment . criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , where the leader is criona ni dhalaigh . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is bella center . the hotel ' s architect was 3xn and the tenant is the marriott international hotel .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in sri lanka in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the architect of the alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . alan b miller hall was completed on 1st june 2009 and is located in virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of the country is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the significant buildings of the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city and new netherland is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by labour politician john clancy .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is known as the president . paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . baymax was created by the american duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung . baymax was created by the american duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph . baymax was created by the american duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients in ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco ( or ajo blanco ) originates from the andalusia region of spain . it contains water .
lemper is a variation of the dish arem - arem which is a dish of javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course dish found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . it includes chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . it is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . it is also found in malaysia where the malay are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . a variation of the bacon sandwich is the blt .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , which can be found in hong kong , new york and paris . baked alaska is said to have originated in the united states , france or china .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients in baked alaska , which can be found in hong kong , new york and paris , united states .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the tart comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire . it contains shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and originates from indonesia . it includes a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is found in indonesia . it is a variation of shumai ( which contains shitake ) and siomay .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leaders are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and t . s . thakur is a leader in india .
binignit is a dessert , as is a cookie . sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants , is one of its ingredients .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a chinese dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and the capital is jakarta .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and it contains celery . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is a leader . ayam penyet is also found in java , where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group and the currency is the euro . felipe vi of spain is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county , pennsylvania is to the north of adams county and carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has franklin county to its west and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to a . c . chievo verona ) has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy . a . c . chievo verona played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
italian born rolando maran plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . the country is the location of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they have 5300 members and their ground is located in italy . they competed in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl . they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their home ground is stadio pietro barbetti .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their home ground is the stadio armando picchi . they played in the 2014 - 15 serie b season .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and has a ground in rome . a . s . roma played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
qaraba fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk , which has 3500 members .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( nickname asa gigante ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they played in the 2015 season and vila nova futebol clube were champions .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " . the club has 3000 members and was managed by denzil antonio . akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc were champions of .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital and the official language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
juventus f . c . are former champions of serie a in which as roma also play . as roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of mendrisio . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . there are 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war which was written by david weber . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is in print . it has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number 51969173 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the oclc number 8805735 , the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 as well as the oclc number 318875313 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and the lccn number 93645978 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , was first published in 1878 and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken . english is also the language of great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where lippincott williams & wilkins publish the aids journal .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . its icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17r / 35l . its runway length is 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4349 . 0 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and in the korean war . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital city is austin . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , menasha , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is elevated 34 meters above sea level . its 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and it has a length of 1411 .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . it is 23 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kacy . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is a leader . the flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown , essex county , new york ) in the united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and competes in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the appointed president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born on february 28 , 1966 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders retired on 1 september 1969 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with commander frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , elizabeth ii is a leader in the uk and the currency is the pound sterling .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . it has 60 floors and chicago ' s leader is rahm emanuel .
3arena , located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland , is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is dáil éireann .
adisham hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where the tamil language is spoken and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tar as and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the japanese .
narendra modi is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . gujarat is lead by the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando . the country is the location of the ampara hospital which has 476 beds .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of many significant buildings including the grounds of asilomar conference , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan ( led by gale brewer ) is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is the city council led by andrew mitchell and the postal code is the b .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language spoken and where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . john roberts is a leader in the united states , where the title of the leader is president of the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the primary language and white americans are an ethnic group . joe biden is a leader in the united states and the title of the leader is president of the united states .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . baymax was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in ajoblanco ( alternatively called ajo blanco ) which is found in andalusia , in spain .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from lazio , italy . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine found in indonesia . indonesia ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and italians are the people who live there . the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . the leader of the community of valencia is ximo puig , spaniards are from spain and felipe vi is the leader .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are both ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are ethnic groups from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . ayam penyet should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the main ingredients of ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama was once president . english is the language spoken in the united states and native americans are an ethnic group there .
baked alaska is from france , where french is spoken and hong kong is led by carrie lam .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales , derbyshire , where bakewell pudding originates from . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , which contains shortcrust pastry .
lemon is part of the genus citrus and belongs to the rutaceae family . it is an ingredient in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which originates from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon , which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone and the french language is spoken .
barny cakes , created by mondelez international , can be found in france . barny cakes were created in chicago . the leader of france is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore , where english is spoken .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka and sumitra mahajan is a leader in india . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . it comes from the region of jalisco where jesus casillas romero is the leader . bionico is a variation of cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara and mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and a variation on dessert is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the county of derbyshire community of derbyshire dales . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales , derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader . jakarta is the capital of indonesia , where the indonesian language is spoken and the leader is jusuf kalla .
sergi mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italians live and the capital city is rome . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . english is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader . baduy are an ethnic group in java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the country include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the currency is the euro and the spaniards are the inhabitants . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of the country .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager who has also played football for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . they currently play in the superleague greece where olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( managed by vica ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they have 17000 members and the champions of the league are vila nova futebol clube .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
johann schneider - ammann is the leader of switzerland where the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino . the accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda i . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people live , and was followed by the secret scripture , published by faber and faber .
annie dunne preceded a long long way which was followed by the secret scripture published by faber and faber . a long long way comes from ireland where white people are an ethnic group .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was written by australians . it was preceded by the novel castle and followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
cornell university , nickname cornell big red , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is the language spoken . english is also the language of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk where the capital city is london . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk where english is the language spoken .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , parented by lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer . it is from the united kingdom , where david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and also the language of great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard is an american who was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the american defense service ribbon . svg . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california .
buzz aldrin ( alternatively known as edwin e . aldrin jr ) was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission where william anders was a backup pilot .
elliot see was born on february 28 , 1966 in dallas . he was a student at the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it is owned by the national park service and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students . johann schneider - ammann is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he is a us national and was a test pilot . he was a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 . he is now retired . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard is a us national who was born on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he was a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . edwin e . aldrin jr . is his alternative name .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . buzz aldrin is a united states national whose leader is joe biden .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 where he served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot . he died on feb 28 , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated in turkey on 27 july 1932 . the capital of the country is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 , its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the leader of romania is prime minister klaus iohannis and the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
