jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is a language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey are at four world trade center .
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
nasa is the operator of apollo 14 .
nasa is the operator of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see was a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located on colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
20 fenchurch street was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the construction of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september , 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
b v doshi was the architect of amdavad ni gufa .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area " b " .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader of the united states .
the area code for abilene , texas is 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
mayor is the title of the leader of albany , georgia .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the state senate .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
city administrator is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california has an elevation above the sea level of 13 . 0 .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is a state in the united states .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is in the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rene goscinny .
the creator of auron ( comics character ) is marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the creator of bolt ( comics character ) is dan mishkin .
hugh hazzard is the full name of bozo the iron man .
john buscema won the eagle award in the comics industry .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in the comics industry .
ajo blanco is also known as ajoblanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre .
squid is an ingredient of arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient of bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be made with chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient of batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemons are of the order rosids .
mexicans inhabit mexico .
spanish is the language spoken in mexico .
arabic is a language spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica was the designer of the atatürk monument ( zmir ) .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc köln .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociacion deportiva " .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
afc fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
vica manages agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago plays for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the champions of the premier development league .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica coden code is " apgpac " .
the journal addiction has the oclc number 27367194 .
the journal addiction is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has a lccn number of 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university ' s nickname is cornell big red .
hiv belongs to the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas which is part of the community of madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the poales order .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata .
athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes which is part of the community of madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london where the leader is the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment , located in beverly hills , california , owns 3arena .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
addis ababa city hall is 42 metres high and the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
the alan b . miller hall , which was started on 30 march 2007 , is located at 101 ukrop way .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat where the leader is anandiben patel .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo .
the comic book character aurakles was created by len wein .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcast by the bbc .
bill oddie , born in lancashire , starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
sheldon moldoff is the creator of the black pirate , also known as jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem - arem which comes from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy and has tomato as one of its ingredients .
squid is an ingredient of arros negre which is a traditional dish from spain .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader .
bacon is an ingredient of a bacon explosion which is served as a main course .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , which comes from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is a cookie .
bakewell pudding was created in rutland arms , bakewell in 1820 and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon is a member of the citrus genus and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which contains gram flour .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient of binignit .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are both types of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 and is located in turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble .
dead man ' s plack , made of rock , is dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they play in serie a .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde and they have 3180 members .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy and they play in serie a .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 535002 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in 2014 - 15 and has 5000 members .
azal arena is located in shuvalan and is the ground of azal pfk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s full name is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago is attached to the club s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis , governed by the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the coden code atiset .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aids journal is published .
a fortress of grey ice , isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , was written by j . v . jones .
a glastonbury romance is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance has 1174 pages and is available in print .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars which has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir .
above the veil is written in english and followed the novel aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of " ascqag " .
administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv and belongs to the family orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and it is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 and a surface type of poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 3500 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon and the order of commelinids .
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , was a crew member of apollo 11 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where the fossil is a smilodon .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he is deceased .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the company populous and completed in december 2008 .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by architect 3xn , is located in denmark and is tenanted by marriott international .
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
addis ababa city hall is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the government of addis ababa are the current tenants .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 in the tudor revival style and is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia . the building of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which is owned by the alan b . miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located at asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by ernie colon and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) which originates from spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the language spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and contains chili pepper .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and garlic is an ingredient .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient of arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and java . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it comes from the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk and a variation of a blt .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a type of dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region and one of the ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes contain 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8g of protein . apple is a variation of barny cakes .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur and the demonym for people living there is indian .
bhajji originates from india where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico and contains raisins .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and belongs to the genus apium . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy are an ethnic group in java .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and has the native name of turk sehitleri aniti .
a . c . cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in cesena . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the lega pro / a in 2014 .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is " isidro metapan " . their ground is the estadio jorge calero suarez and they have 10000 members .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united fc and stockport county fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is in rome , italy .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and play in the hoofdklasse league . they competed in the 2014 season .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are previous champions of the league .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and they have 17023 members . az alkmaar played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league , which was previously won by k - w united fc .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and italians live .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and the dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is the location of the awh engineering college . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name " universitas apulensis " . the patron saint of the country is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) comes under the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances which is published by the american institute of physics .
the editor of aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is a . t . charlie johnson and the coden code is aaidbi .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a long long way was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and is available in print . the library of congress classification of a severed wasp is ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of acta math . hungar . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica issn number is " 0236 - 5294 " and its abbreviation is acta math . hungar . it comes under the academic discipline of math .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and published in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications which publishes administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk where david cameron is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas , united states . the airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf bombed libya in 1986 and uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . operation enduring freedom is one of the battles of the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority based at jinnah international airport . punjab is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin . english is spoken in texas and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the english language is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the largest city in texas is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport , which serves the city of appleton , is located in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of the town of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of poales and commelinids . it is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae . the runway name is 03r / 21l and has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in the city of madrid .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class monocotyledon . the order of commelinids .
american alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot and died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he died in st louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with frank borman as commander and buzz aldrin as backup pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . cyril ramaphosa is the leader of south africa , where asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans and white south africans are ethnic groups in south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where the governing body is cleveland city council .
the building of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the architecture style of the building is postmodern .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . susana mendoza is the leader of chicago .
3arena in dublin , republic of ireland is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena in dublin , republic of ireland is owned by live nation entertainment . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and is located in denmark . the hotel has 23 floors .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by bella center and has 23 floors . its architect was 3xn and its tenant is marriott international .
adisham hall in sri lanka was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 in the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . robert a m stern is the architect of the alan b miller hall .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 in virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , india . the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco . she designed the grounds of asilomar conference , the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode . labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham .
addis ababa city hall and addis ababa stadium are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington d . c . and the leader of the united states is known as the president . paul ryan is the leader of the united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , is a comic character created by dan mishkin and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil are the main ingredients .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is a food found in andalusia , spain . water is an ingredient .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a javanese dish . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course which contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . it includes chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . it originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one ethnic group there .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom . other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
a variation of the blt , a bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
the bacon sandwich is popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dish from france , the united states , china and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska is from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell pudding .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and comes from indonesia . the main ingredients are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish from indonesia . it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake mushrooms .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish popular in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore and english is spoken there .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of karnataka are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala .
binignit is a type of dessert , a variation of a cookie . one of its ingredients is sweet potato , which is a member of the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bakso is a dish from china and indonesia . jakarta is the capital of indonesia and jusuf kalla is the leader .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and celery is an ingredient .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , the capital of which is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is the leader . the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and moro people .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the currency is the euro and the spaniards are an ethnic group . the leader of the country is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county is to the west of adams county and carrol county maryland is to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the full name of a . c . chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . and their ground is in verona , italy . they played in serie a in 2014 - 15 and have 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the language is greek and the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is located in italy .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is the stadio pietro barbetti .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their home ground is the stadio armando picchi and they played in serie b in 2014 - 15 .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , which azal pfk play in . azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk , which is located in azerbaijan .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members and compete in the azerbaijan premier league . qarabag fk are the champions of the league .
az alkmaar is owned by robert eehoorn and managed by john van den brom who plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ( nickname asa gigante ) play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . they played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions .
akron summit assault ( full name : akron metro futbol club summit assault ) has 3000 members and is managed by denzil antonio . akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc have been champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of the country is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the official language is italian . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
as roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is stadio olimpico . they play in the serie a league where juventus fc have been champions .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the baltic war was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was written by david weber . it was followed by ring of fire ii which was written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk . the capital of the uk is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print . the oclc number is 51969173 and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was written in ireland and published by viking press . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is available in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . the library of congress classification of a severed wasp is ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . the oclc number is 318875313 , and the isbn number is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , comes under the academic discipline of addiction . the lccn number is 93645978 and the issn number is 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language and originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of mathematics . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) was first published in 1878 and comes under the academic discipline of mathematics . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the uk . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , jones county , texas in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17l / 35r . it has a length of 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and its runway name is 17r / 35l . it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r and the airport is 610 metres above sea level .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of viag .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . its native name is kheria air force station . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the korean war and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the airport is located in punjab and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan . the leader of pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews , texas . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas and austin is the capital . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken . houston is the largest city in texas and austin is the capital . the inhabitants of texas are called texans .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . the airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton and is located in greenville , menasha , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand . it is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae . the runway is named 03r / 21l and is 1411 long .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . its runway name is 4 / 22 and its length is 1873 . 0 . its icao location identifier is kacy .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader . the flemish government is the leader of the flemish region and has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and also saranac lake , part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 where alfred worden was the backup pilot . david scott was the commander and he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st louis .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he was accompanied by backup pilot buzz aldrin and commander frank borman . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk , where the currency is the pound sterling .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . construction of the building began in january 2014 and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . chicago ' s leader is rahm emanuel .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is dail eireann .
adisham hall is located at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . it was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language is tamil . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the japanese .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the leader of india and the leader of gujarat is known as the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province and ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 in the romanesque revival style , is located on 23rd street , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham which has the b postcode . the governing body of the city is birmingham city council .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders of ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the leader of the united states is called the president and the leader is john roberts .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . joe biden is a leader in the united states and the title of the leader is president of the united states .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by john geering and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , originates from andalusia , spain . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from lazio , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arem - arem is a javanese dish found in indonesia . indonesia ' s leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the capital city is rome . italians inhabit the country and the language spoken is italian .
ximo puig is the leader of the valencian community in spain . spaniards are the inhabitants of spain where arrs negre comes from .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysian chinese and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia and malaysian indians are an ethnic group there .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from indonesia and malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia . the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is spoken in the us and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska is from france and hong kong . carrie lam and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where french is spoken .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales . shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell pudding .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the citrus genus .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes are created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes come from france where the leader is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . vajubhai vala and sumitra mahajan are leaders of karnataka where indian people live .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of jalisco is jesus casillas romero . it is served as a dessert course and a variation of cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of the country and a variation of cake is bionico .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane . it originates from the derbyshire dales in the county of derbyshire . patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales .
patrick mcloughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and jakarta is the capital . indonesian is spoken in indonesia .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome . italians inhabit italy . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where halimah yacob is the leader . english is spoken in singapore and baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the ilocano and igorot people .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore , where english is spoken .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the currency is the euro and the leader is felipe vi . spanish is spoken in the country and spaniards are the inhabitants .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north lies cumberland county . to the southeast of adams county lies carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the prime minister is the leader .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager , he previously played for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos f . c . aek athens f . c . ' s manager is gus poyet , who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense , managed by vica , has 17000 members and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda i . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group . it was followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber .
a long long way was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber . ireland has white people as an ethnic group .
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which was followed by above the veil which was written by australians . aenir was preceded by the novel castle .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities . they publish administrative science quarterly and their nickname is cornell big red .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it publishes administrative science quarterly and is nicknamed cornell big red .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is also spoken in great britain .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where joe biden is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk where the capital city is london . english is spoken in the uk and the leader is david cameron . elizabeth ii is also a leader in the uk .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins , parent company wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii and david cameron are leaders in the uk .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 12 where david scott was the commander . he is now retired .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he retired on august 1st , 1974 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st of july 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is also known as edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders as backup pilot .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze and was designed by pietro canonica . it was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland . the monument is owned by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . it is owned by the national park service .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the state of karnataka has the arabian sea to its west and is the location of the acharya institute of technology . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a crew member on apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . he is also known as edwin e . aldrin jr .
buzz aldrin is an american born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st louis .
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died in st louis on the 28th of february 1966 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carroll county , maryland .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze and was designed by pietro canonica . it was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is made of red granite and white marble . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan and the legislature is the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
