jacob bundsgaard is the leader of aarhus .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2702 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in harrietstown , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in san sebastián de los reyes .
14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
14r / 32l is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
agra airport is located in agra .
al - taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l .
the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
the runway name of alpena county regional airport is 1 / 19 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county , texas is the county seat of andrews , texas .
andrews county airport serves andrews , texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of andrews county airport .
the runway name of andrews county airport is helipad .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is located in auckland .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
athens international airport is located in spata .
german is spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium .
copenhagen is the capital of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the leader of the flemish region is the flemish government .
the language spoken in greece is greek .
the leader of greece is nikos voutsis .
harrietstown , new york is part of the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
paracuellos de jarama is part of the community of madrid .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
san sebastian de los reyes is in spain .
saranac lake , new york is part of the united states .
stephen dilts is the chief of the south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard died in california .
william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
apollo 14 was operated by nasa .
apollo 8 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see was a test pilot .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
hook ' em is the mascot of the university of texas at austin .
john madin was the architect of 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row .
11 diagonal street was completed in 1983 .
200 public square was completed in 1985 .
20 fenchurch street was started to be built in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena .
the 3arena is located at east link bridge .
the construction of adare manor began in 1700 .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on the 28th of september 2013 .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
the architect of amdavad ni gufa is b v doshi .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 .
birmingham has the postcode area b .
chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
dublin is located in the republic of ireland .
dublin is part of leinster .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the leader of japan is taro aso .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
english is the language of the republic of ireland .
cape town is the capital of south africa .
london is the capital of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader of the united states .
abilene , texas has the area code 325 .
abilene is part of texas .
mayor is the title of the leader of albany , georgia .
albany , oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres .
albany , oregon is located within the united states .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the state senate .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the albuquerque city council .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
the area code for anaheim , california is 657 .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette richland union .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
city administrator is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
mayor is the title of the leader of ann arbor , michigan .
ann arbor , michigan has 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
the 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana .
auburn is part of alabama .
california is in the united states .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia .
georgia is in the u . s .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
lee county is in alabama .
the capital of new jersey is trenton .
potter county is in texas .
tarrant county , texas is located within the united states .
ann arbor is the largest city in washtenaw county , michigan .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is rene goscinny .
the creator of auron ( comics character ) is marv wolfman .
the comic character balder was created by jack kirby .
bananaman is broadcast by stv .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie stars in bananaman .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bill everett won the eisner award .
bill oddie ' s child is kate hardie .
the creator of bolt ( comics character ) is dan mishkin .
the full name of bozo the iron man is hugh hazzard .
john buscema won the eagle award for comics .
marv wolfman won the eagle award in the comics genre .
ajoblanco is also known as ajo blanco .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
arem arem comes from the region of indonesia .
tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil are the main ingredients of arrabbiata sauce .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
squid is an ingredient in arros negre .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
avocado is a member of the genus persea .
ayam penyet should be served hot .
baked alaska is a dessert .
frangipane is an ingredient of bakewell tart .
noodles are an ingredient in bakso .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes were created by mondelez international .
barny cakes can be varied by using chocolate .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
batchoy comes from the philippines .
chicken is an ingredient of batchoy .
vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy .
binignit comes from the region of visayas .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales .
cake is a dessert .
ice cream is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
italians inhabit italy .
baduy is an ethnic group in java .
lemons are of the order rosids .
mexicans inhabit mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in mexico .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
shumai is a variation of siomay .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument ( zmir ) .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is made of bronze .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
the manager of 1 . fc köln is peter stoger .
fc magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro in 2014 - 15 .
the fullname of a . d . isidro metapan is " asociación deportiva " .
the fullname of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece .
a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is the fylde .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members .
as roma played in the 2014 - 15 serie a season .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden godenzonen .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
az alkmaar has 17023 members .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s manager is vica .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school .
akron summit assault has 3000 members .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam .
greece ' s leader is nikos voutsis .
gus poyet plays for aek athens f . c .
jens härtel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
john van den brom plays for az alkmaar .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
massimo drago played for delfino pescara 1936 .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi .
k - w united fc are the premier development league champions .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for bury f . c .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alba iulia is located in romania .
alba iulia is part of alba county .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was followed by 1635 : the cannon law .
aip advances has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover .
the isbn number of a long long way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
madeleine l ' engle is the author of a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in english .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 32024459 .
above the veil is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar .
acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the coden code " apgpac " .
the addiction journal has the oclc number 27367194 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell .
administrative science quarterly has a lccn number of 57059226 .
the oclc number of aenir is 45644811 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
the novel castle was followed by aenir .
cornell university ' s nickname is cornell big red .
hiv belongs to the genus lentivirus .
john cowper powys notable work is wolf solent .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
joe biden is a leader of the united states .
wolf solent was written by john cowper powys .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene which is part of texas .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport in alcobendas is 3 , 500 .
the runway length of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport , san sebastián de los reyes , is 3500 .
agra airport is located in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
al asad airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in al anbar province , iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol is operated by the schiphol group and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and its fourth runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is 159 metres above sea level .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is of the order poales .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
the runway length of athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 3 , 800 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , madrid .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 and retired on august 1 , 1974 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , now retired , served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where one of the ethnic groups is the coloured .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in cleveland .
20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by the european parliament .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in illinois .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall , dublin .
3arena is located at east link bridge and is owned by live nation entertainment .
live nation entertainment , located in beverly hills , california , owns 3arena .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres .
adisham hall has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean and is located in haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the tamil language is spoken .
alan b miller hall , located at 101 ukrop way , began construction on 30 march 2007 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b miller hall in williamsburg , virginia .
the mason school of business is a tenant of alan b miller hall which was designed by robert a m stern .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd street , manhattan .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
len wein is the creator of the comic book character aurakles , whose alternative name is also aurakles .
the comic character ballistic , also known as kelvin mao , was created by doug moench .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcast by the bbc .
lancashire born bill oddie starred in bananaman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway , an american .
sheldon moldoff created the black pirate , whose alternative name is jon valor .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins and gary cohn .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco which comes from spain .
almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from andalusia .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of lazio .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
banana leaf is an ingredient of arem - arem which comes from indonesia .
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome .
arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes and comes from italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from spain and one of its ingredients is squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and originates from java .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the bacon explosion comes from .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is served as a main course .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from either france , the united states or china .
baked alaska is from china where standard chinese is spoken .
baked alaska and cookies are both desserts .
bakewell pudding was created in rutland arms , bakewell , in 1820 and has ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
lemon ( genus citrus ) is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is chinese filipino .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which contains gram flour .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato .
binignit includes sweet potato and sago .
sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is the sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert .
honey can be added to bionico which is served as a dessert .
ice cream and bionico are both a type of dessert .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay which is a variation of batagor .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in turkey .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble and has the native name of turk sehitleri aniti .
dead man ' s plack is made of rock and dedicated to thelwald , ealdorman of east anglia .
a . c . cesena play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi and they play in the serie a league .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for c . d . fas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for sparta rotterdam .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the fylde .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for the italy national football team .
as roma play in serie a and their ground is in rome , italy .
acf fiorentina play in serie a which is based in italy .
frank de boer is the manager of afc ajax and plays for the ajax youth academy .
afc ajax has 53502 members and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 15 season and has 5000 members .
azal arena is located in shuvalan and is the ground of azal pfk .
the full name of az alkmaar is alkmaar zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s full name is " agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense " . it has 17000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the all india council for technical education granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology which has the official school colours of blue , white and orange .
acharya institute of technology offers tennis as a sport whose governing body is the international tennis federation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka which has the arabian sea to its west .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and is available as an e book .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available in hardcover .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the coden code atiset .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a glastonbury romance is in print and has 1174 pages .
a long long way has an oclc number of 57392246 and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and was preceded by aenir .
above the veil is written in english and is followed by aenir .
above the veil was preceded by aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer .
the administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) has a coden code of ascqag .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv , which belongs to the family of orthoretrovirinae .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the language is english .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , taylor county , texas , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and has a runway length of 4100 metres . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in india is viag and the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres and a surface type of poaceae .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . its runway is 3500 long .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas , united states .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , angola . the runway name is south runway .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton which is part of kimberly and little chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , clayton winnebago county , wisconsin , united states .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales .
ashgabat is the location of ashgabat international airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras .
4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium .
the 2nd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
edwin e . aldrin jr . , also known as buzz aldrin , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , died in california , where a fossil is a smilodon .
elliot see joined nasa in 1962 and died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he is now deceased .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 and was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is a leader .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where jacob zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where jacob zuma is a leader and white south africans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , erie county , new york .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena in dublin which was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena in dublin was completed in december 2008 and was designed by the company populous .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was designed by the architectural firm 3xn and is tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
james pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 in the tudor revival style and is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art was inaugurated on 28th september 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b miller hall which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 and is located in virginia .
robert gates is the chancellor of the college of william and mary which owns alan b miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . construction of the hall began on 30 march 2007 .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on u . s . route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 22nd november 1988 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asser levy place and east 23rd street and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan .
the comic character auron was created by walt simonson and the american , karl kesel .
tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in london and broadcast bananaman .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as roland desmond , was created by roger stern and tom lyle .
dan mishkin and ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the comic character of bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by paris cullins and dan mishkin .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternatively known as ajo blanco ) which comes from spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain and contains water .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo and jusuf kalla are leaders .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and includes chili pepper .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and includes garlic as an ingredient .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain and contains squid .
cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre which comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . it comes from the region of malaysia and is also found in java .
sausage is a main ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the united states .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington dc .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and african americans are an ethnic group .
condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk and a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of the united states .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the antioquia department region and one of its ingredients is the kidney bean .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes can be made with apple and have 18 grams of carbs and 1 . 8g of protein .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the currency is the singapore dollar and the leader is halimah yacob .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore where tony tan is a leader .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are called indian .
bhajji originates from india where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines that contains sweet potato and banana .
sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and comes from the region of jalisco in mexico .
celery is a member of the genus apium and the family of apiaceae . it is an ingredient in bakso .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as a dessert . cake is also a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain , where the leader is felipe vi and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan , whose leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is in cesena and they have 23900 members . they play in the serie b league .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . d . potenza calcio and calcio catania .
a . c . lumezzane played in the lega pro / a in 2014 and has 4150 members .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and they have 10000 members and play at the estadio jorge calero suarez .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece where the leaders are nikos voutsis and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for both runcorn fc halton and drogheda united fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for drogheda united f . c . and stockport county f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for kv mechelen and irlam town f . c .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is warton fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for genoa c . f . c . and real madrid c . f .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and their ground is in rome , italy . they have 70634 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is in athens . they play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the hoofdklasse league in 2014 and has 5000 members .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar which has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both vitesse arnhem and de graafschap .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school and they play in the premier development league , where k - w united fc have been champions .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and play in the premier development league where k - w united fc are champions .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and the people who live there are called italians .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland has 600 students and the dean is mario botta .
the motto of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore , india .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport . the international tennis federation is the governing body of tennis .
the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is the location of the awh engineering college . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the prime minister of romania is klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has the latin name universitas apulensis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print with the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , has 512 pages and is available as an e book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . it is available as an e book and has 512 pages .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1046 - 8188 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1558 - 2868 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
aip advances , published by american institute of physics , is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the coden code of aaidbi and is edited by a . t . charlie johnson .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
the novel a long long way was written in english which is spoken in great britain and was followed by the secret scripture .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a severed wasp is in print with the oclc number 8805735 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is in print and has 388 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover with the oclc number 318875313 .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
above the veil was written by australians and is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 1588 - 2632 .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 0965 - 2140 and comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the oclc number 45644811 .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
am . j . math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) was first published in 1878 and has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications which publishes administrative science quarterly ( abbreviated to admin . sci . q ) .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom where lippincott williams & wilkins publishes the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas , united states . the airport ' s runway length is 1121 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain and is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . the usaf fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . the usaf fought in operation enduring freedom .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , which is led by the provincial assembly of the punjab . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway is called 06 / 24 kaagbaan and is 2014 . 0 in length .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and english is spoken . the inhabitants of texas have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are called texans and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction of the flemish region .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . the airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton and is located in greenville , wisconsin . greenville is part of menasha and dale , wisconsin .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids and the order of poales . it is in the class monocotyledon .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . the runway is named 03r / 21l and has a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 1873 and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . it is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . it is in the class monocotyledon .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and retired on august 1st , 1974 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot on the nasa operated apollo 14 .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
elliot see was born in dallas on 23rd july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin . he was a test pilot who died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he died in st louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
elliot see was born in dallas on 23rd july 1927 and died in st louis on 28th february 1966 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 with backup pilot buzz aldrin and commander frank borman . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and cyril ramaphosa is a leader . asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups there .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and asian south africans and white south africans are ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where the governing body is cleveland city council .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the architecture style of the building is postmodern .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states where susana mendoza is a leader .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , republic of ireland . the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland . it is owned by live nation entertainment and its leader is criona ni dhalaigh .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors . it is owned by bella center and its tenant is marriott international .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the tudor revival style .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the architect of the alan b miller hall is robert a m stern .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 in virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad , india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , whose leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new netherland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by labour politician john clancy .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is known as the president . paul ryan is a leader in the united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on 3 october 1983 . bananaman was broadcast by stv .
dan mishkin and the puerto rican national ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars damon wayans jr . and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars jamie chung and was created by the american duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars maya rudolph and was created by the american duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is from andalusia in spain .
ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , is a food found in andalusia , spain and contains water .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem which is a dish from javanese cuisine . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a main course that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . it is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java .
arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of rome in italy . it includes chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arrs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas , also known as asam padeh , is a dish from the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . it is also found in malaysia , where the malay are an ethnic group .
the bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital is washington dc . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
brown sauce is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt .
the bacon sandwich is popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which can be found in paris , new york or hong kong . baked alaska is from france , the united states or china .
meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and contains frangipane . it comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of bakewell pudding .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
batagor is a variation of siomay and comes from indonesia . it includes a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and is found in indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is a leader . beef kway teow is also found in indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the rupee and the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala .
binignit is a dessert that includes sweet potato ( of the order solanales ) . a cookie is also a dessert .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bakso is a chinese dish from indonesia , where the capital is jakarta and the leader is jusuf kalla .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , which leader is jusuf kalla and contains celery .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and one of the ethnic groups in java is the baduy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is the leader . the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and the ilocano people and moro people are ethnic groups .
arrs negre is a traditional dish from spain where the currency is the euro and the spaniards are an ethnic group . the leader of the country is felipe vi .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . franklin county is to the west and carrol county , maryland is to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
the fullname of a . c . chievo verona is associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . and their ground is in verona , italy . they competed in the 2014 - 15 serie a season and have 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy and plays for unione triestina 2012 s . s . d . and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and f . c . bari 1908 .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece , where alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders . the language spoken in the country is greek .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season at the stadio pietro barbetti .
livorno calcio s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and their ground is stadio armando picchi . they played in serie b in 2014 - 15 .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has 70634 members and their ground is in rome . they played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league , in which azal pfk compete . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk , which is located in azerbaijan .
azal arena is the home ground of azal pfk who have 3500 members and play in the azerbaijan premier league where the champions are qarabag fk .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar which is owned by robert eehoorn . he also plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in this league and their nickname is asa gigante .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . they played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube were champions .
denzil antonio is the manager of akron summit assault which has 3000 members and the full name of akron metro futbol club summit assault . the club played in the 2011 pdl season .
akron summit assault ' s ground is in akron , ohio , united states . they play in the premier development league , which k - w united fc have been champions of .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the capital city is rome . the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the capital is rome . the leader of the country is pietro grasso .
associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . roma ) has its ground at stadio olimpico . they play in serie a which has juventus fc as champions .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff led by dean mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in denmark . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by 1634 : the baltic war which was written by david weber . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins . the capital of the uk is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
annie dunne preceded a long long way which was published by viking press and followed by the secret scripture .
a severed wasp is in print and has the oclc number 8805735 . it has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction . it has the lccn number 93645978 and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) is published bi - monthly and comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics ( am . j . math . ) was first published in 1878 and comes under the academic discipline of mathematics . it has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in the us and great britain .
david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the united kingdom where lippincott williams & wilkins publish the aids ( journal ) .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language spoken is english . one of the ethnic groups in the us are the african americans .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , jones county , texas , united states and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . the airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17l / 35r and is 2194 . 0 in length .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . the airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17r / 35l and is 2194 . 0 in length .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 610 metres above sea level and has a length of 4349 . 0 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it has the icao location identifier of viag .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which has the native name of kheria air force station .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of panama . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the korean war . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and panama . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the airport is located in punjab and the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the airport is located in punjab where the leader is shehbaz sharif .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . the runway name is 11 / 29 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the capital is austin . spanish is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . austin is the capital of texas and the inhabitants are called texans .
angola international airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport serves the city of luanda .
angola international airport is located in colo e bengo , luanda province , angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 feet .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and serves the city of appleton . it is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . the runway name is 3 / 21 .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton and is located in greenville , part of menasha , wisconsin in the united states . greenville is part of clayton winnebago county , wisconsin .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is the operating organisation for ardmore airport ( new zealand ) which is 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway at the airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 1411 . the runway name is 03r / 21l .
ashgabat international airport is located in ashgabat and operated by turkmenistan airlines . it is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . the runway name is 12r / 30l .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is 23 metres above sea level . its runway name is 4 / 22 and its length is 1873 . 0 . its icao location identifier is kacy .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the flemish region is led by the flemish government which has jurisdiction of the flemish region . the leader of belgium is charles michel .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in essex county , new york , united states .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and died in california on july 21st , 1998 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he is now deceased .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference . gregory l . fenves is the president of the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was born on february 28 , 1966 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
elliot see was born in dallas , texas . he attended the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the big 12 conference .
elliot see was born in dallas and died in st louis . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system .
william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with backup pilot buzz aldrin and commander frank borman .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . boris johnson is a leader in london , elizabeth ii is a leader in the uk and the currency is the pound sterling .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . its construction began in january 2014 and it cost 110 million dollars . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
live nation entertainment own 3arena in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . dail eireann is a leader in dublin .
adisham hall was built between 1927 and 1931 at st benedict ' s monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean and is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the language spoken is tamil . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is tar as and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the japanese .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . narendra modi is the leader of india and the leader of gujarat is known as the gujarat legislative assembly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . gujarat is lead by the gujarat legislative assembly and its leader is t s thakur .
ampara hospital has 476 beds and is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in california . she has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 in the arts and crafts movement architectural style , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located on 23rd street , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they are in the architectural style of romanesque revival architecture and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan , which is lead by gale brewer , is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is governed by the birmingham city council led by andrew mitchell .
addis ababa stadium and addis ababa city hall are located in addis ababa , ethiopia . malatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn are leaders in ethiopia .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the language spoken is english and the leader is called the president . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . john roberts is a leader in the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the language spoken is english . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . tim brooke - taylor starred in the series which was created by john geering .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients of ajoblanco which is also known as ajo blanco and comes from andalusia in spain .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish found in indonesia . the leader of the country is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the language spoken is indonesian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the capital is rome . the people who live there speak italian .
ximo puig is the leader of the valencian community in spain where spaniards live . arrs negre is a traditional dish from the region . felipe vi is the leader of spain .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and malaysian indians are both ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from java and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and should be served hot .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from indonesia and malaysia . the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and english is the language spoken . barack obama is the leader of the us and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
baked alaska comes from france where the french language is spoken . it is also served in hong kong where carrie lam and gerard larcher are leaders .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon , which belongs to the genus citrus and the family rutaceae .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the order rosids and the family rutaceae .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , come from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and claude bartolone .
barny cakes are created by mondelez international which was founded in chicago . barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is vajubhai vala and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indians .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . it comes from the region of jalisco where the leader is jesus casillas romero . a variation of dessert is cake .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico and a variation of dessert is cake .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is in the county of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
patrick mcloughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the capital is jakarta . indonesian is spoken there and the language is indonesian .
sergio mattarella and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the people who live there are called italians . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and the language spoken is english . the baduy are an ethnic group from singapore .
batchoy comes from the philippines , where philippine english is the official language and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the ilocano people and the igorot people .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where english is spoken .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain where the currency is the euro and the spaniards are from . the leader of the country is felipe vi and the language spoken is spanish .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and the leader of the country is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the prime minister is the leader .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club has had stuart parker as their manager who plays for chesterfield fc and kv mechelen .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza . they compete in the superleague greece , which was previously won by olympiacos f . c .
vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c in brazil . agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play their home matches at the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estádio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . vila nova futebol clube have been champions of campeonato brasileiro série c .
agremiaço sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil . their manager is vica and they have 17000 members . previous champions of the league have been vila nova futebol clube .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . bangalore was founded by kempe gowda i . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
a long long way was written in ireland , where white people are an ethnic group , and was followed by the secret scripture which was published by faber and faber .
a long long way was published by faber and faber in ireland . it was preceded by annie dunne and followed by the secret scripture . white people are an ethnic group in ireland .
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which was followed by above the veil which was written by australians and preceded aenir which was preceded by the novel castle .
cornell university ( nickname cornell big red ) is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities . they publish administrative science quarterly .
cornell university ( nickname cornell big red ) is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . they publish administrative science quarterly .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where joe biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk , where the capital is london and the language spoken is english . david cameron and elizabeth ii are leaders in the uk .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins , parented by lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii and david cameron are leaders in the uk .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and where native americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the language of the united states is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and retired on august 1st , 1974 . he later died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california on the 21st of july 1998 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis on 28 february 1966 .
elliot see was born on 23rd july 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
pietro canonica designed the bronze ataturk monument in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland . the national park service is the owner of the monument .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . the national park service is the owner of the monument .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor johann schneider - ammann .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which has the international tennis federation as its governing body .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 and is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . he is now retired .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 and died in california .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 alongside backup pilot william anders . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 alongside backup pilot william anders .
elliot see was born in dallas on 23rd july 1927 . he attended the university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in st louis .
elliot see was born on july 23 , 1927 in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and was a test pilot . he died on feb 28 , 1966 in st . louis .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county and cumberland county , pennsylvania is to the north of adams county .
the atatürk monument ( zmir ) is located in turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the monument was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan and governed by the national assembly .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române . its ethnic group is the germans of romania and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
